



Download Request: Tagged Documents: 1-2,4-19,21,23-29,31-37
Time Of Request: Tuesday, December 20, 2016  14:57:45

Send To:

VRIJE UNIVERSITEIT
DE BOELELAAN 1103
AMSTERDAM, NLD 1081HV


Terms: (paris attack november 2015)


Source: All English Language News
Project ID:



                               1 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Iranians express solidarity with France over Paris attacks

LENGTH: 857  words


Iranians have expressed solidarity with the French people following the deadly
terror attacks in Paris carried out by the Daesh Takfiri militant group.

The Iranians on Saturday paid tribute to those killed or injured in the attacks
and extended their condolences to the families and friends of the victims of the
attacks by gathering in front of the French embassy in Tehran.

They laid down flowers and placards which read: "We stand by you" and "We are
united" in Farsi, in French and English in front of the building.

Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
10
11
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)
Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)

The Daesh Takfiri terror group claimed responsibility for assaults, which were
carried out by gunmen and bombers in several venues, including a concert hall,
restaurants and the national stadium in the French capital of Paris.

French President Francois Hollande denounced the assault, which killed nearly
130 people, as an "act of war."

Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, meanwhile, sent a message to his French
counterpart, condemning the attacks.

"In the name of the Iranian nation, itself a victim of the evil scourge of
terrorism, I strongly condemn these inhumane crimes and condole with the
bereaved French nation and government," President Rouhani said in his message.

Other countries, including the United States, Russia, Britain, Germany, Spain,
India, Australia, and Turkey, as well as the European Union (EU) have voiced
their condemnation of the attacks.

According to the latest details provided by Francois Molins, the Paris
prosecutor, 129 people were killed in the Paris terror attacks while 352 others
suffered injuries. He added that at least 99 people are still in critical
condition and that seven terrorists had died.

The French capital had been targeted in another series of terrorist attacks as
recently as January 7, when gunmen attacked the Paris offices of French magazine
Charlie Hebdo, killing 12 people and wounding 11 others.

The incident was followed by a series of sieges and shootings across Paris,
resulting in the killing of more people and an extensive sense of insecurity in
the country.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/37/144753423405.jpg

Iranians gather in front of France's embassy in the capital, Tehran, to express
solidarity with the French people following the Paris attacks, November 14,
2015. (Photo by ISNA)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/51/144753423734.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/81/144753424138.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/76/144753424542.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/91/144753424950.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/16/144753425360.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/23/144753425845.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/100/144753426242.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/22/144753426590.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/14/144753427036.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/1/144753427364.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/5/144753427752.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/88/144753428012.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/21/144753428413.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/3/144753428727.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               2 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Paris shooting and explosions in photos

LENGTH: 926  words


Rescue service personnel work near the covered bodies outside a restaurant
following a shooting incident in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. Multiple,
near-simultaneous attacks on entertainment sites rock Paris on Friday, leaving
at least 60 killed and scores taken hostage in a concert hall. [Photo/Agencies]

French fire brigade members aid an injured individual near the Bataclan concert
hall following fatal shootings in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. At least60
people were killed in attacks in Paris and a hostage situation was under way at
a concert hall in the French capital, French media reported on Friday.
[Photo/Agencies]

General view of the scene with rescue service personnel who work near the a
covered body outside a restaurant following shooting incidents in Paris, France,
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

People hug on the street near the Bataclan concert hall following fatal attacks
in Paris, France, November 14, 2015. Gunmen and bombers attacked busy
restaurants, bars and a concert hall at locations around Paris on Friday
evening, killing dozens of people in what a shaken French President described as
an unprecedented terrorist attack. [Photo/Agencies]

A French policeman assists a blood-covered victim near the Bataclan concert hall
following attacks in Paris, France, November 14, 2015. Gunmen and bombers
attacked busy restaurants, bars and a concert hall at locations around Paris on
Friday evening, killing dozens of people in what a shaken French President
described as an unprecedented terrorist attack. [Photo/Agencies]

Police patrol on the Boulevard Voltaire following a series of deadly attacks in
Paris, November 14, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French police with protective shields walk in line near the Bataclan concert
hall following fatal shootings in Paris, France, November 14, 2015. Gunmen and
bombers attacked busy restaurants, bars and a concert hall at locations around
Paris on Friday evening, killing dozens of people in what a shaken French
President described as an unprecedented terrorist attack. [Photo/Agencies]

An injured man holds his head as people gather near the Bataclan concert hall
following fatal shootings in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

General view of the scene with rescue service personnel working near covered
bodies outside a restaurant following shooting incidents in Paris, France,
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French riot police secure the area near the Bataclan concert hall following a
fatal shooting at a restaurant in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. People are
being held hostage at the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris after several
shots were fired, French news channel BFM TV reported on Friday.
[Photo/Agencies]

Crowds leave the Stade de France where explosions were reported to have
detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match near
Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French President Francois Hollande said a state of emergency would be declared
across France and national borders shut following a spate of attacks in Paris on
Friday evening a brief statement on television that a cabinet meeting had been
called. [Photo/Agencies]

A general view of the scene that shows rescue services personnel working near
the covered bodies outside a restaurant following a shooting incident in Paris,
France, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police control crowds leaving the Stade de France where explosions were reported
to have detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

An aerial view shows the Gare de l'Est railway train station in Paris in this
July 14, 2013 file photo. France's foreign ministry said airports in the country
would remain open and flights and rail services would continue despite
co-ordinated attacks across Paris on November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

US President Barack Obama delivers a statement after he was briefed on attacks
in Paris that killed at least 60 people, at the White House in Washington
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police control crowds leaving the Stade de France where explosions were reported
to have detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police stand outside the Stade de France where explosions were reported to have
detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly soccer match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

An aerial view shows the Stade de France stadium in Paris, France in this June
15, 2005 file picture. France was rocked by multiple, near simultaneous attacks
on entertainment sites around Paris on November 13, 2015 evening and French
media said at least 60 people were killed and hostages were being held in a
concert hall in the capital. At least two explosions were heard near the Stade
de France national stadium where a France-Germany friendly football match was
being played. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/60/144747056340.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0e0c341.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/94/144747056758.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0e0db42.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/16/144747057156.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0db6506.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/79/144747062915.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0db6607.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/23/144747063237.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0db6809.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/53/144747064079.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0db690a.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/27/144747065382.jpg

d8cb8a5155b017b0ddc506.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               3 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Daily Star Online

                     November 14, 2015 Saturday 1:40 AM GMT

#PrayForParis: World unites to pray for France after Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Bradley Jolly

LENGTH: 427  words


THE world has united in prayer for France following the sickening mass terror
attacks in Paris tonight.

TWITTER

PRAY FOR PARIS: The globe's thoughts are with Paris tonight

France has closed its borders and has declared a state of emergency following
the mass terror attacks.

Some 140 people have died in the series of coordinated attacks, including an
attempted suicide explosion at Stade de France where France played Germany and
explosions at a hostage attack at the Bataclan theatre.

Thoughts across the globe are with France tonight.

David Cameron said: "I am shocked by events in Paris tonight.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with the French people. We will do whatever we can
to help."

US[#xfffd]President Barack Obama said: "Those that think they can terrorise
people in France or the values that they stand for are wrong."

The arch lit up at Wembley stadium for the victims in Paris tonight#PrayForParis
pic.twitter.com/dZNqiY6B5R

- It's an ultra life November 14, 2015 Paris terrorist attacks pictures

The arch at Wembley Stadium in the UK was lit up in blue, white and red for the
victims.

Celebrities shared their tributes on Twitter.

Saddened to hear the terrible news from Paris - my thoughts and those of
Londoners are with Parisians tonight

- Boris Johnson November 13, 2015

I am shocked by events in Paris tonight. Our thoughts and prayers are with the
French people. We will do whatever we can to help.

- David Cameron November 13, 2015

Guys, it's time to #PrayForParis right now.

- KATY PERRY November 13, 2015

Thinking of everyone in Paris.

- Harry Styles. November 13, 2015

Thoughts and prayers are with you Paris.

- Nick Jonas November 13, 2015

Our prayers are with u Paris

- OneRepublic November 13, 2015

WTF IS GOING ON IN PARIS????$%^&*{

- Belinda Carlisle November 13, 2015

Thoughts and prayers and love are with people in Paris tonight. Sad and
horrifying news. Eternal confusion.

- Ellie Goulding November 13, 2015 Related articles PARIS TERROR ATTACKS: 140
dead as France is brought to its knees Two gunmen dead at Paris concert hall as
100 hostages slaughtered 'one by one' Francois Hollande shuts off France as mass
terror attacks hit Paris

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDS


              Copyright 2015 Northern and Shell Media Publications
                              All Rights Reserved

                               4 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Paris attacks: Prayers, tears and candles

LENGTH: 290  words


French citizens cry next to tributes offered for victims of the attacks in Paris
, outside the French embassy in Bogota, Colombia, November 15, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral where a mass was held following a
series of deadly attacks in Paris, November 15, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A man prays outside Le Carillon restaurant, one of the sites that was attacked,
in Paris, November 15, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A French policeman assists a blood-covered victim near the Bataclan concert hall
following attacks in Paris, November 14, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A rose placed in a bullet hole in a restaurant window the day after a series of
deadly attacks in Paris, November 14, 2015. The note reads "In the Name of
What?" [Photo/Agencies]

The entrance of the Louvre is deserted after the museum was closed in Paris,
November 14, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Abandoned clothes of victims are out of the Bataclan concert hall the morning
after a series of deadly attacks in Paris, November 14, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police react to a suspicious vehicle near La Carillon restaurant following a
series of deadly attacks in Paris, November 15, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/35/144763685444.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363db05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/144763685547.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363dd07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/22/144763685977.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363dd08.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/144763686404.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363de09.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/87/144763686496.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363df0b.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/58/144763686922.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363e10c.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/63/144763696813.jpg

d8cb8a51464717b363dc06.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               5 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Worldwide solidarity with France

LENGTH: 408  words


People pay their respect at one of the attack sites in Paris, November 15, 2015.

Egyptians light candles as the French and Egyptian flags and France's national
colours of blue, white and red are projected onto one of the Giza pyramids, in
tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks, on the outskirts of Cairo, Egypt,
November 15, 2015. The words on the pyramid read: "Solidarity with France".
[Photo/Agencies]

The blue, white and red colors of France's national flag are projected onto the
water fountain, following the attacks in Paris, at Geneva, Switzerland November
15, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

People pay their respect at one of the attack sites in Paris, November 15, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

The obelisk of Plaza Francia in Caracas is lit up in the blue, white and red
colors of the French flag during a ceremony honoring victims of Friday's attacks
in Paris, November 15, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

People attend a candle light vigil for the victims of Friday's Paris attacks in
the Brooklyn borough in New York, November 15, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

Argentina's ruling party candidate Daniel Scioli (L) and Mauricio Macri,
presidential candidate for the Cambiemos (Let's Change) alliance, observe a
minute of silence in front of a national flag of France in tribute to the
victims of Friday's Paris attacks, before their presidential debate ahead of the
November 22 run-off election in Buenos Aires, November 15, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

French and United States flags on the field during a moment of silence for Paris
terrorist attack victims before a NFL football game between the Arizona
Cardinals and the Seattle Seahawks at CenturyLink Field, Nov 15, 2015.
[Photo/Agencies]

Hundreds of people light candles in tribute to the victims of Friday's Paris
attacks, in Santo Domingo November 15, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/59/144765814801.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389b601.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/67/144765815116.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389b602.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/36/144765815204.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389b903.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/52/144765815293.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389ba04.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/144765815341.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389ba05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/144765815405.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389be06.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/51/144765815501.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389c007.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/68/144765815564.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b389c108.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               6 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

Calgarians gather to show support in wake of Paris attacks

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


Damien Coroller had to turn off the news on Friday night.

"I had to actually stop as the count was going higher and higher," Coroller
said. "I had to stop. I was really saddened."

The Calgarian, who is a native of France, was one of about one hundred people
who gathered outside city hall Saturday evening to mourn the victims of the
terrorist attacks in Paris that left more than 120 people dead and hundreds
injured.

Dozens of people lit candles and hoisted handmade signs that read "YYC to Paris
." On the pavement, a group of people organized candles in the shape of the
Eiffel Tower inside a peace sign.

"It's a good thing," said Coroller of the people who came out to show their
support. "You're going to have a lot of different communities and different
religions coming to show their support and it's a really good feeling to see
that."

Across the street, the lights along Stephen Avenue were lit in the blue, white
and red of the French flag.

Roy Klassen, the Honourary Consul of France, said the attacks were a "flashback"
to the Charlie Hebdo attacks last January.

"It creates lots of questions for countries around the world," Klassen said. "I
think most of all we are first shocked and saddened by these events and we seek
to understand why people seek to do these things, and how we can use our
solidarity and strength and our best characteristics to overcome these attempts
to undo our civilization."

He called the gathering "heartwarming."

"I'm Canadian, and it reminds me that we're made up of people from around the
world, but we share a common value," Klassen said. "Those that are here tonight
are examples of that."

Candlelight Vigil for Paris terror victims(
http://calgaryherald.com/gallery/candlelight-vigil-for-paris-terror-victims/ )

Calgarians gathered at City Hall late Saturday afternoon in solidarity Parisians
to honour the victims of the Paris terror attacks.

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

The De Fosseux family from Paris was among about 100 people who attended a
candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in Paris. The vigil
took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

Calgarians attend a candlelight vigil for the victims of the terrorist attack in
Paris. The vigil took place outside City Hall in Calgary on Saturday night
November 14, 2015.

Gavin Young / Calgary Herald

estark@calgaryherald.com

twitter.com/erikamstark !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               7 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Daily Star Online

                     November 14, 2015 Saturday 1:39 AM GMT

Globe prays together for France after Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Bradley Jolly

LENGTH: 368 words


The globe has united in prayer for France following the sickening mass terror
attacks in Paris tonight.

France has closed its borders and has declared a state of emergency following
the mass terror attacks.

Some 140 people have died in the series of coordinated attacks, including an
attempted suicide explosion at Stade de France where France played Germany and
explosions at a hostage attack at the Bataclan theatre.

Thoughts across the globe are with France tonight.

David Cameron said: "I am shocked by events in Paris tonight.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with the French people. We will do whatever we can
to help."

US President Barack Obama said: "Those that think they can terrorise people in
France or the values that they stand for are wrong."

The arch lit up at Wembley stadium for the victims in Paris tonight#PrayForParis
pic.twitter.com/dZNqiY6B5R

- It's an ultra life November 14, 2015 Paris terrorist attacks pictures

The arch at Wembley Stadium in the UK was lit up in blue, white and red for the
victims.

Celebrities shared their tributes on Twitter.

Saddened to hear the terrible news from Paris - my thoughts and those of
Londoners are with Parisians tonight

- Boris Johnson November 13, 2015

Guys, it's time to #PrayForParis right now.

- KATY PERRY November 13, 2015

Thinking of everyone in Paris.

- Harry Styles. November 13, 2015

Thoughts and prayers are with you Paris.

- Nick Jonas November 13, 2015

Our prayers are with u Paris

- OneRepublic November 13, 2015

WTF IS GOING ON IN PARIS????$%^&*{

- Belinda Carlisle November 13, 2015

Thoughts and prayers and love are with people in Paris tonight. Sad and
horrifying news. Eternal confusion.

- Ellie Goulding November 13, 2015 Related articles PARIS TERROR ATTACKS: 140
dead as France is brought to its knees Two gunmen dead at Paris concert hall as
100 hostages slaughtered 'one by one' Francois Hollande shuts off France as mass
terror attacks hit Paris

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDS


              Copyright 2015 Northern and Shell Media Publications
                              All Rights Reserved

                               8 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            November 27, 2015 Friday

France pays tribute to victims of Paris attacks

LENGTH: 939  words


France paid tribute on Friday to the 130 mostly young people killed while they
were enjoying themselves in Paris two weeks ago by Islamist gunmen and suicide
bombers.

French President Francois Hollande delivers a speech during a ceremony to pay a
national homage to the victims of the Paris attacks at Les Invalides monument in
Paris, France, November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

PARIS - France paid tribute on Friday to the 130 mostly young people killed
while they were enjoying themselves in Paris two weeks ago by Islamist gunmen
and suicide bombers in the most deadly attacks the nation has seen since World
War II.

Blue-white-and-red French flags hung from the windows of public buildings and
private homes as hundreds of survivors and relatives of the dead joined
political leaders for a remembrance ceremony at the military museum Les
Invalides in the capital.

The militant group Islamic State has claimed responsibility for the Nov. 13
attacks, which targeted cafes, restaurants, a sports stadium and a rock concert.
More than 350 people were wounded and nearly 100 of them remain in hospital.

Under a wintry sky, the names and ages of the 130 victims were read out. A
majority were under 35 and they came from all over France and from 17 other
countries.

In a poignant but defiant speech, President Francois Hollande vowed to destroy
Islamic State and urged his compatriots to help combat the group simply by
continuing to go to bars, restaurants and cultural and sporting events and to
enjoy the simple pleasures he said the militants hated.

"I solemnly promise you all that France will do everything to defeat the army of
fanatics who have committed these crimes, that she will act tirelessly to
protect her children," he said.

"The terrorists want to divide us, to oppose us, to pit us against one another.
They will fail. They have the cult of death, we have the love of life," he said.

Hollande said the Nov. 13 attacks were part of a chain stretching back to the
Sept. 11, 2001 attacks in the United States, and he noted that many other
countries - including, this month alone, Mali and Tunisia - had been hit by
militant groups.

Most of the assailants in the Paris attacks killed themselves using suicide
vests or were killed by police but French and Belgian authorities are still
hunting others suspected of involvement or possibly plotting new attacks.

Last week the French parliament backed a three-month extension of a state of
emergency declared immediately after the attacks to allow security forces
greater scope in combating militant Islamist groups.

France has also stepped up its aerial bombing campaign of Islamic State targets
in Syria. This week, Hollande held separate talks with the leaders of the United
States, Russia, Britain, Germany and Italy on how to crush the militants.

"We will defeat this enemy. Together. With our forces, those of the republic.
With our arms, those of democracy. With our institutions, with international
law," a sombre Hollande said.

The Nov. 13 attacks came 11 months after Islamist militants killed 17 people in
Paris, most of them at the offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper and
at a kosher supermarket.

General view of the courtyard during a ceremony where politicians, officals and
guests pay a national homage to the victims of the Paris attacks at Les
Invalides monument in Paris, France, November 27, 2015.[Photo/Agencies]

French President Francois Hollande attends a ceremony to pay a national homage
to the victims of the Paris attacks at Les Invalides monument in Paris, France,
November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

People wounded in the Paris attacks and family members attend a ceremony to pay
a national homage to the victims of the Paris attacks at Les Invalides monument
in Paris, France, November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Two women cry as they pay tribute to the victims of Paris attacks at the Place
de la Republique in Paris, France, November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

People pay tribute to the victims of Paris attacks at the Place de la Republique
in Paris, France, November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A French flag hangs from a window of a restaurant decorated for Christmas
holiday season in Strasbourg, France, November 27, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

A combination of pictures shows French flags seen on windows and facades of
buildings in Paris, France, November 27, 2015 as the French President called on
all French citizens to hang the tricolour national flag from their windows on
Friday to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks during a national day
of homage.[Photo/Agencies]

Blue, white and red shirts, the colours of the French national flag, hang from a
balcony in Marseille, France, November 27, 2015 as the French President called
on all French citizens to hang the tricolour national flag from their windows on
Friday to pay tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks during a national day
of homage.[Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/10/144865796286.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a1bc39.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/47/144865796756.jpg

b8ac6f92322117c2a84227.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/144865796817.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a22a3b.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/97/144865796865.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a2433c.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/61/144865796920.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a20a3a.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/3/144865796976.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a2973d.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/25/144865797048.JPG

b8ac6f43d06317c2a2e640.JPG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/144865797156.jpg

b8ac6f92322117c2a7710e.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/12/144865797230.jpg

b8ac6f92322117c2a9cf34.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               9 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Canadians in France told to be 'extremely vigilant' after Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1112 words


The Canadian government is advising any citizen currently living or travelling
in France to be "extremely vigilant" in the wake of a wave of attacks that have
killed dozens in Paris Friday.

Reports indicate that at least 35 people are dead in a string of shootings in
Paris restaurants and streets, as well as several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

The attacks come as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to head to Turkey
Friday for the G20 Convention in Turkey that begins Sunday.

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out this evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

"Luckily I am on the south side of the Seine and all the attacks are on the
North side in a neighbourhood we often frequent."

He said they live near several hospitals and have seen "a constant stream" of
emergency vehicles going by. He said they're about 1 1/2 kilometres away from
the shootings.

"It will be really interesting to see how this weekend unfolds," he said. "It
was surreal to be here earlier this year for the Charlie Hebdo events."

At the Great Canadian Pub on the city's Left Bank, the owners closed early
because of safety concerns.

"Everybody was talking on the phone and we just decided to close," said an
employee of the bar, adding that customers were shocked by the news.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, was sleeping and unaware
of the shooting when contacted Friday night.

He said the government had been saying for months they were expecting another
terrorist attack after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine
Charlie Hebdo last January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"It was only yesterday that the government was announcing they had to do
something to stop the flow of guns, particularly Kalashinkovs, that are floating
around," Spicer said.

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted tonight that she is "shocked and dismayed" over the
attacks in Paris.

"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Hollande orders French borders closed after Paris terror attack leaves at least
35 dead( http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               10 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                            November 15, 2015 Sunday

'We won't be beaten by hatred': Montrealers hold vigil for victims of Paris
attacks

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 891 words


Draped in a French flag and surrounded by more than 1,000 Montrealers, Alain
Gignac sang La Marseillaise, France's soaring national anthem, on McGill-College
Ave. on Saturday afternoon.

"I am here in support of my brothers and sisters back home," Gignac, who
immigrated to Canada from France 14 years ago, said afterward.

"The barbarians who did this will not be allowed to win. We will stand up
together and say no."

He was speaking after a vigil - the second in as many days outside the French
consulate on McGill-College Ave. in downtown Montreal - for the victims of
Friday's terrorist attacks in Paris( http://montrealgazette.com/tag/
paris-attacks ).

Authorities say more than 120 people were killed and hundreds were injured in
multiple incidents.

"Paris is in mourning, France is in mourning, Montreal is in mourning, Canada is
in mourning," Catherine Feuillet, France's consul general in Montreal, told the
crowd during the vigil.

"But we are standing up, together, united and strong to honour the memory of
those who were assassinated (Friday).

"We won't be beaten by hatred, by violence, because we are together - together
here and in Paris to raise our heads again and defend our liberty, our values,
equality, fraternity."

The crowd was so big it covered all four lanes of McGill-College, as well as
sidewalks on both sides of the street between Ste-Catherine St. and de
Maisonneuve Blvd.

Montrealers dropped off flowers and lit candles. They wrote messages and drew
French flags on the sidewalk outside the consulate in blue, white and red chalk.
They carried signs reading: "Je suis Paris" and "Pray for Paris."

Gallery: Montreal vigil for victims of Paris attacks(
http://montrealgazette.com/gallery/gallery-montreal-vigil-for-victims-of-
paris-attacks/ )

People attend a vigil for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks outside the
French consulate in Montreal on Saturday, Nov. 14 , 2015.

People attend a vigil outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks. The Islamic
State group claimed responsibility for the attacks in Paris that killed 127
people Friday.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

People attend a vigil outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

People attend a vigil outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

Young men attend a vigil outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

Vigil outside French consulate for victims of Paris terrorist attacks.Montreal
on Saturday, November 14 , 2015.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

Youngsters look at a memorial outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, in the morning prior to a large vigil for victims of the
Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

French national Anna Agueb-Porterie holds up a French flag at a vigil outside
the French consulate in Montreal Saturday, November 14 , 2015, for victims of
the Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

People attend a vigil outside the French consulate in Montreal Saturday,
November 14 , 2015, for victims of the Paris terrorist attacks.

John Kenney / Montreal Gazette

Daniella Meneghini, a 25-year-old student, said she organized the vigil to show
"solidarity, love and unity" with the people of France.

"It's a tragedy that's compounded by the fact that it happened in streets that
we know - it could have been the Old Port or at the Metropolis," she said in an
interview.

Meneghini, whose best friend is studying in Paris, said she was not surprised by
the large turnout at the event.

"The French diaspora is very big in Montreal and Quebecers have a history of
responding to events in places connected to us - like the Haitian earthquake and
the Boston Marathon bombing," said Meneghini, a communications student at the
Université du Québec à Montréal.

"Liberty, equality, fraternity could very well describe the values of
Quebecers."

A day earlier, hundreds of Montrealers took part in a spontaneous vigil outside
the French consulate(
http://montrealgazette.com/news/montreal-lowers-city-hall-flags-following-
attacks-in-paris ).

On Sunday, Mayor Denis Coderre is planning another event to show Montreal's
support for France. A solidarity march is to begin at the Quartier des
spectacles at 10 a.m.

"It will be an opportunity to recall the great fraternal ties between (Montreal
and France) and the values of freedom and peace that unite us," Coderre said in
a statement. "We have to stand together to denounce violence and the madness of
those who perpetrated these senseless acts."

Drapeau français flottera désormais à HDV de Montréal en guise de solidarité.
J'invite mes collègues à faire de même pic.twitter.com/3AIM9BqNB2(
https://t.co/3AIM9BqNB2 )

- DenisCoderre (@DenisCoderre) November 14, 2015(
https://twitter.com/DenisCoderre/status/665575259672809472 )

France's flag is flying outside Montreal city hall as a sign of support for the
country.

ariga@montrealgazette.com( mailto:ariga@montrealgazette.com )

twitter.com/andyriga( http://twitter.com/andyriga ) !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               11 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau says Canadians 'shocked and saddened' by Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1395 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he was "shocked and saddened" by the wave of
attacks that have killed dozens in Paris Friday evening, as the Canadian
government warned any citizen currently living or travelling in France to be
"extremely vigilant."

"I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured
today in a number of terrorist attacks in Paris, France, and that many others
are being held hostage," Trudeau said in a statement.

"As the situation continues to unfold, Sophie and I join all Canadians in
extending our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those killed.
It is our sincere hope that the hostages are freed unharmed as soon as possible.
We also wish a speedy recovery to all those who have been injured."

Reports indicate that at least 35 people are dead in a string of shootings in
Paris restaurants and streets, as well as several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

The attacks come as Trudeau is set to head to Turkey Friday for the G20
Convention in Turkey that begins Sunday.

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris, said she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out this evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

"Luckily I am on the south side of the Seine and all the attacks are on the
North side in a neighbourhood we often frequent."

He said they live near several hospitals and have seen "a constant stream" of
emergency vehicles going by. He said they're about 1 1/2 kilometres away from
the shootings.

"It will be really interesting to see how this weekend unfolds," he said. "It
was surreal to be here earlier this year for the Charlie Hebdo events."

At the Great Canadian Pub on the city's Left Bank, the owners closed early
because of safety concerns.

"Everybody was talking on the phone and we just decided to close," said an
employee of the bar, adding that customers were shocked by the news.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, was sleeping and unaware
of the shooting when contacted Friday night.

He said the government had been saying for months they were expecting another
terrorist attack after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine
Charlie Hebdo last January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"It was only yesterday that the government was announcing they had to do
something to stop the flow of guns, particularly Kalashinkovs, that are floating
around," Spicer said.

In his statement, Trudeau offered Canada's assistance to France "at this dark
time."

"We will continue to work closely with the international community to help
prevent these terrible, senseless acts.

"Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of France and we mourn their
loss," Trudeau said.

Other Canadian political leaders took to Twitter with their condolences.

"Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray
tonight for the victims, their families, &; all Parisians," tweeted Tom Mulcair,
the New Democratic Party leader.

"Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour," tweeted
Green party leader Elizabeth May.

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted tonight that she is "shocked and dismayed" over the
attacks in Paris.

"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Hollande orders French borders closed after Paris terror attack leaves at least
35 dead( http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               12 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Monuments around the world show solidarity in French colours

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 14 -- In support of France, here are some of the tallest
buildings in the world that lit up with red, white and blue in solidarity with
France after attackers killed at least 120 people in Paris on Friday and
Saturday.


 The One World Trade Center spire is lit blue, white and red after New York Gov.
Andrew Cuomo announced the lighting in honor of dozens killed in the Paris
attacks Friday, November 13, 2015, in New York. French officials say several
dozen people have been killed in shootings and explosions at a theater,
restaurant and elsewhere in Paris. Photo: AP
 The Senate building is lit up in blue, white and red, the colors of the French
flag, following the Paris terror attacks, in Mexico City, November 14, 2015.
Photo: Reuters
 The Angel de la Independencia monument is lit up in blue, white and red, the
colors of the French flag, following the Paris terror attacks, in Mexico City,
November 14, 2015. Photo: Reuters
 San Francisco City Hall is lit up with blue, white and red, the colors of the
French flag, following the Paris terror attacks, in San Francisco, California on
November 13, 2015. Photo: Reuters
 The Calgary Tower was lit up with the colors of the French flag to show support
and sympathy regarding the Paris attacks in Calgary, Alberta on Friday, November
13, 2015. Photo: AP
 The landmark Canadian National Tower (CN Tower) is lit blue, white and red in
the colors of the French flag following Paris attacks, in Toronto on November
13, 2015. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said on Friday it was too soon
to say whether the deadly attacks in Paris would prompt him to reconsider his
pledge to withdraw Canada from airstrikes against Islamic State militants in the
Middle East. Photo: Reuters

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved

                               13 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                              The Atlantic Cities

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

A Quiet, Mournful Paris

BYLINE: Mark Byrnes

LENGTH: 459 words


No queues, closed ticket offices and souvenirs shops are seen at the Eiffel
Tower in Paris, France, Saturday, Nov. 14, 2015. French President Francois
Hollande vowed to attack the Islamic State group without mercy as the jihadist
group claimed responsibility Saturday for orchestrating the deadliest attacks on
France since World War II. (AP Photo/Kamil Zihnioglu)   Paris is in mourning
after a series of coordinated terror attacks across the city Friday night left
at least 129 people dead and 352 more injured.  City hall announced earlier
Saturday that all public facilities will be closed. Museums, stores, and movie
theaters have followed suit, leaving the typically busy streets and public
spaces in the city of 2.2 million unusually quiet.  The Eiffel Tower is closed
indefinitely. The Notre Dame Cathedral is also closed Saturday. According to
AFP, the Archbishop of Paris will hold a mass for the victims inside the
cathedral on Sunday.  Most public transit routes are running on normal
schedules. But access to the 10th and 11th arrondissements, where most of last
night's occurred, is limited.  Three separate explosions also took place outside
of the Stade de France just north of central Paris during a soccer match.

French President Francois Hollande has declared three days of national mourning.
The path beside the River Seine near Pont Neuf is seen deserted after the area
was partly closed by the police in Paris, France, November 14, 2015, following a
series of deadly attacks on the capital. (REUTERS/Reinhard Krause)    A general
view shows the Tuileries Garden after it was closed in Paris, France, November
14, 2015, following a series of deadly attacks on the capital. (REUTERS/Reinhard
Krause)    The entrance of the Louvre is seen deserted after the museum was
closed in Paris, France, November 14, 2015, following a series of deadly attacks
on the capital. (REUTERS/Reinhard Krause)    Vistors sit on a bench at the
deserted Cour Carree (Square Courtyard) of the Louvre which was closed in Paris,
France, November 14, 2015, after a series of deadly attacks on the capital.
(REUTERS/Reinhard Krause)    A general view shows the Tuileries Garden after it
was closed in Paris, France, November 14, 2015, following a series of deadly
attacks on the capital. (REUTERS/Reinhard Krause)    A sign announces that the
Notre Dame Cathedral is closed in Paris, France, November 14, 2015, after a
series of deadly attacks on the capital. (REUTERS/Reinhard Krause)    People
stroll on an unusually empty Champs Elysees, Saturday, Nov. 14, 2015 in Paris.
The indiscriminate taking of so many lives squeezed life out of Paris itself.
Although far from extinguished, the City of Light is unmistakably dimmed. (AP
Photo/Kamil Zihnioglu)

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                  Copyright 2015 Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               14 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau vows to protect Canadians' safety after Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 2093 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his government will work to ensure the proper
balance between protecting Canadians "while defending our rights and freedoms"
as it considers how to respond to Friday's deadly terrorist attacks in Paris.

Speaking on the eve of his first foreign trip as prime minister, a shaken
Trudeau said Canada stands with its "French cousins." He added that the
government was unaware of any Canadians having been targeted or otherwise
involved in the attacks.

"We'll continue to engage with our allies around the world in ensuring the
safety of Canadians and others both here at home and around the world," he
added. "But I've been speaking with our national security team to ensure that
everything is being done to keep people safe."

Trudeau wouldn't say if he was reconsidering whether to withdraw Canadian
military aircraft from the fight against the Islamic State, or change the
controversial anti-terrorism Bill C-51, which was introduced by the Conservative
government and provided intelligence services with more powers.

"It's too soon to jump to any conclusions," he said. "But obviously governments
have a responsibility to keep their citizens safe while defending our rights and
freedoms, and that balance is something that the Canadian government and indeed
all government around the world will be focusing on."

More than 100 people died in a string of shootings at a Paris concert hall,
restaurants and streets, as well as in several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

"Everyone is very shaken in general," said Lamed Beth, a Canadian who moved from
Vancouver to Paris six years ago. Beth and her friend, Mary Sheridan, were out
for dinner at a restaurant and watched events unfold on television.

"People were immediately taken off the streets," Beth said. "Everyone that was
walking was pulled into a restaurant or into a café and told to stay inside."

Sheridan, who works for a caterer in Paris, said her boss was at Le Bataclan on
Friday night, a concert hall in the 11th arrondissement that was the scene of a
hostage crisis. She said her boss was shot in the leg twice and taken to
hospital. Scores more were killed.

In Ottawa, additional RCMP patrol officers were dispatched Friday evening to
"points of interest" around the city, including the French Embassy on Sussex
Drive and Parliament Hill.

A security source said there were no threats directed at Ottawa and that the
increased security is part of a planned protocol for dealing with international
security events.

The source said the protocol also includes local police and security agencies at
all levels opening channels of communication to share any local intelligence,
and that the added security will remain in place "until we get clarity on what
really transpired" in Paris.

At the French Embassy Friday night, a single RCMP vehicle was on guard.

Charles Romero, the president of France Ottawa, an association for French people
living abroad, said he managed to reach his brother and sister in Paris and they
are safe.

"I'm in deep shock because even if we were knowing the situation in France was
tense because of what's happening in Iraq, Syria, the intervention of the French
army there, nobody can expect what happened tonight in Paris," he said.

People rest on a bench after being evacuated from the Bataclan theater after a
shooting in Paris, Friday Nov. 13, 2015. French President Francois Hollande
declared a state of emergency and announced that he was closing the country's
borders.

Romero said he would call this weekend on French citizens in Ottawa to gather to
express their support and compassion for victims and their families.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, said the French
government had been warning for months it was expecting another terrorist attack
after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo last
January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"This is plainly a highly skilled, orchestrated, multiple attack on France," he
said. "I don't know of any domestic groups that could have pulled this off. For
this to be organized so meticulously, it makes one think of the Islamic State."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out Friday evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

He said he lives about 1.5 kilometres from the shootings, near several
hospitals, and had seen "a constant stream" of emergency vehicles going by.

Amanda Fong, a 26-year-old Montrealer living in Paris, was having dinner in the
15th arrondissement in the central part of the city when she heard of the
attacks and immediately headed home.

Ambassador Nicolas Chapuis, the Ambassador of France to Canada spoke to media
outside of the embassy Friday November 13, 2015 regarding the attacks in Paris.

"It's shocking," said Fong, a community manager for a startup who moved to Paris
in April. "I just hope my new home can recover from this."

Nicolas Chapuis, the ambassador of France to Canada, said outside the embassy in
Ottawa Friday night that he felt horror, tragedy and fear when he learned of the
attack in Paris. His son in Paris e-mailed him immediately to say he was safe,
and he reached other family and friends to make sure they were out of harm's
way. He doesn't believe that he is a target in Canada.

Since the attack, Chapuis said he has seen an incredible amount of sympathy from
the Canadian government and the citizens of this country.

Chapuis said his country is taking measures to make sure that French citizens
around the world are safe.

"The attack on Paris is an attack on the world," he said.

The political and diplomatic community in Canada offered their condolences by
email and Twitter Friday evening.

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those who lost
their lives and those injured in the terrorist attacks today in Paris," said
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose in a statement.

Former prime minister Stephen Harper tweeted that "our thoughts and prayers are
with the innocent victims of these savage terrorist attacks in Paris."

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris days ago, tweeted that she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

The Canadian ambassador to France, Lawrence Cannon, tweeted that Canada was
"deeply shocked by the attacks ... our support to the whole of #France and
families of the victims."

NDP Leader Tom Mulcair tweeted that "Catherine and I are shocked by news of the
horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray tonight for the victims, their families, &;
all Parisians."

"Horrific news from Paris of many innocents killed," tweeted Green party leader
Elizabeth May. "Others now hostage. All thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of
France in this dark hour."

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted that she was "shocked and dismayed" by the attacks.
"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

Les gens ressortent du stade de France. pic.twitter.com/BPyiI5z9te(
https://t.co/BPyiI5z9te )

- Vincent Menichini (@v_menichini) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/v_menichini/status/665293519817457664 )

- With files from Meghan Hurley, Ian MacLeod and Jason Fekete, Ottawa Citizen
and the Montreal Gazette.

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com

FOR INFORMATION

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Paris terror attack leaves at least 149 dead(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

Trudeau's debut on world stage altered by Paris attacks(
http://ottawacitizen.com/news/national/trudeaus-debut-on-world-stage-a-chance-to
-move-from-style-to-substance )

Facebook activates Safety Check function that allows Paris users let loved ones
know they're OK after attacks(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/world/facebook+activates+safety+check+function
+that+allows+paris+users/11515877/story.html )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               15 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau vows to protect Canadians' safety after Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 2102 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his government will work to ensure the proper
balance between protecting Canadians "while defending our rights and freedoms"
as it considers how to respond to Friday's deadly terrorist attacks in Paris.

Speaking on the eve of his first foreign trip as prime minister, a shaken
Trudeau said Canada stands with its "French cousins." He added that the
government was unaware of any Canadians having been targeted or otherwise
involved in the attacks.

"We'll continue to engage with our allies around the world in ensuring the
safety of Canadians and others both here at home and around the world," he
added. "But I've been speaking with our national security team to ensure that
everything is being done to keep people safe."

Trudeau wouldn't say if he was reconsidering whether to withdraw Canadian
military aircraft from the fight against the Islamic State, or change the
controversial anti-terrorism Bill C-51, which was introduced by the Conservative
government and provided intelligence services with more powers.

"It's too soon to jump to any conclusions," he said. "But obviously governments
have a responsibility to keep their citizens safe while defending our rights and
freedoms, and that balance is something that the Canadian government and indeed
all government around the world will be focusing on."

More than 100 people died in a string of shootings at a Paris concert hall,
restaurants and streets, as well as in several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

"Everyone is very shaken in general," said Lamed Beth, a Canadian who moved from
Vancouver to Paris six years ago. Beth and her friend, Mary Sheridan, were out
for dinner at a restaurant and watched events unfold on television.

"People were immediately taken off the streets," Beth said. "Everyone that was
walking was pulled into a restaurant or into a café and told to stay inside."

Sheridan, who works for a caterer in Paris, said her boss was at Le Bataclan on
Friday night, a concert hall in the 11th arrondissement that was the scene of a
hostage crisis. She said her boss was shot in the leg twice and taken to
hospital. Scores more were killed.

In Ottawa, additional RCMP patrol officers were dispatched Friday evening to
"points of interest" around the city, including the French Embassy on Sussex
Drive and Parliament Hill.

A security source said there were no threats directed at Ottawa and that the
increased security is part of a planned protocol for dealing with international
security events.

The source said the protocol also includes local police and security agencies at
all levels opening channels of communication to share any local intelligence,
and that the added security will remain in place "until we get clarity on what
really transpired" in Paris.

At the French Embassy Friday night, a single RCMP vehicle was on guard.

Charles Romero, the president of France Ottawa, an association for French people
living abroad, said he managed to reach his brother and sister in Paris and they
are safe.

"I'm in deep shock because even if we were knowing the situation in France was
tense because of what's happening in Iraq, Syria, the intervention of the French
army there, nobody can expect what happened tonight in Paris," he said.

People rest on a bench after being evacuated from the Bataclan theater after a
shooting in Paris, Friday Nov. 13, 2015. French President Francois Hollande
declared a state of emergency and announced that he was closing the country's
borders.

Romero said he would call this weekend on French citizens in Ottawa to gather to
express their support and compassion for victims and their families.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, said the French
government had been warning for months it was expecting another terrorist attack
after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo last
January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"This is plainly a highly skilled, orchestrated, multiple attack on France," he
said. "I don't know of any domestic groups that could have pulled this off. For
this to be organized so meticulously, it makes one think of the Islamic State."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out Friday evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

He said he lives about 1.5 kilometres from the shootings, near several
hospitals, and had seen "a constant stream" of emergency vehicles going by.

Amanda Fong, a 26-year-old Montrealer living in Paris, was having dinner in the
15th arrondissement in the central part of the city when she heard of the
attacks and immediately headed home.

Ambassador Nicolas Chapuis, the Ambassador of France to Canada spoke to media
outside of the embassy Friday November 13, 2015 regarding the attacks in Paris.

"It's shocking," said Fong, a community manager for a startup who moved to Paris
in April. "I just hope my new home can recover from this."

France's ambassador to Canada, Nicolas Chapuis, said

Nicolas Chapuis, the ambassador of France to Canada, said outside the embassy in
Ottawa Friday night that he felt horror, tragedy and fear when he learned of the
attack in Paris. His son in Paris e-mailed him immediately to say he was safe,
and he reached other family and friends to make sure they were out of harm's
way. He doesn't believe that he is a target in Canada.

Since the attack, Chapuis said he has seen an incredible amount of sympathy from
the Canadian government and the citizens of this country.

Chapuis said his country is taking measures to make sure that French citizens
around the world are safe.

"The attack on Paris is an attack on the world," he said.

The political and diplomatic community in Canada offered their condolences by
email and Twitter Friday evening.

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those who lost
their lives and those injured in the terrorist attacks today in Paris," said
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose in a statement.

Former prime minister Stephen Harper tweeted that "our thoughts and prayers are
with the innocent victims of these savage terrorist attacks in Paris."

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris days ago, tweeted that she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

The Canadian ambassador to France, Lawrence Cannon, tweeted that Canada was
"deeply shocked by the attacks ... our support to the whole of #France and
families of the victims."

NDP Leader Tom Mulcair tweeted that "Catherine and I are shocked by news of the
horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray tonight for the victims, their families, &;
all Parisians."

"Horrific news from Paris of many innocents killed," tweeted Green party leader
Elizabeth May. "Others now hostage. All thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of
France in this dark hour."

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted that she was "shocked and dismayed" by the attacks.
"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

Les gens ressortent du stade de France. pic.twitter.com/BPyiI5z9te(
https://t.co/BPyiI5z9te )

- Vincent Menichini (@v_menichini) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/v_menichini/status/665293519817457664 )

- With files from Meghan Hurley, Ian MacLeod and Jason Fekete, Ottawa Citizen
and the Montreal Gazette.

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com

FOR INFORMATION

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Paris terror attack leaves at least 149 dead(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

Trudeau's debut on world stage altered by Paris attacks(
http://ottawacitizen.com/news/national/trudeaus-debut-on-world-stage-a-chance-to
-move-from-style-to-substance )

Facebook activates Safety Check function that allows Paris users let loved ones
know they're OK after attacks(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/world/facebook+activates+safety+check+function
+that+allows+paris+users/11515877/story.html )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               16 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Canadians in France told to be 'extremely vigilant' after Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 878 words


The Canadian government is advising any citizen currently living or travelling
in France to be "extremely vigilant" in the wake of a wave of attacks that have
killed dozens in Paris Friday.

Reports indicate that at least 35 people are dead in a string of shootings in
Paris restaurants and streets, as well as several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

The attacks come as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to head to Turkey
Friday for the G20 Convention in Turkey that begins Sunday.

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out this evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

"Luckily I am on the south side of the Seine and all the attacks are on the
North side in a neighbourhood we often frequent."

He said they live near several hospitals and have seen "a constant stream" of
emergency vehicles going by. He said they're about 1 1/2 kilometres away from
the shootings.

"It will be really interesting to see how this weekend unfolds," he said. "It
was surreal to be here earlier this year for the Charlie Hebdo events."

At the Great Canadian Pub on the city's Left Bank, the owners closed early
because of safety concerns.

"Everybody was talking on the phone and we just decided to close," said an
employee of the bar, adding that customers were shocked by the news.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, was sleeping and unaware
of the shooting when contacted Friday night.

He said the government had been saying for months they were expecting another
terrorist attack after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine
Charlie Hebdo last January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"It was only yesterday that the government was announcing they had to do
something to stop the flow of guns, particularly Kalashinkovs, that are floating
around," Spicer said.

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted tonight that she is "shocked and dismayed" over the
attacks in Paris.

"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Hollande orders French borders closed after Paris terror attack leaves at least
35 dead( http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               17 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                                   USNEWS.com

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Here's What the Presidential Candidates Tweeted About the Paris Terror Attacks

BYLINE: Max Miceli

SECTION: NEWS Vol.  No.

LENGTH: 570  words



HIGHLIGHT: The White House hopefuls told Americans how they felt after the Paris
massacre.



In the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris, U.S. presidential candidates took
to Twitter to express sympathy, declare outrage and suggest the course of action
America should take going forward.

To save you some timeline-trolling, here's a selective roundup of some of the
contenders' notable tweets:

"Our prayers are with the people of France tonight, but that is not enough."
--Hillary https://t.co/vFQltalvzF pic.twitter.com/q1Zb7XSKg9

-- Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton)

November 15, 2015


We have to combat anti-Muslim bigotry and all forms of discrimination in our
country and in our world. #DebateWithBernie

-- Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders)

November 15, 2015


"This brutal and barbaric group is perverting the name of a great world
religion." #DemDebate https://t.co/GyPiQLGVqx

-- Martin O'Malley (@MartinOMalley)

November 15, 2015


President Obama said "ISIL continues to shrink" in an interview just hours
before the horrible attack in Paris. He is just so bad! CHANGE.

-- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump)

November 14, 2015


We mustn't close our eyes when evil presents itself allowing darkness to abound.
Only with open eyes can we see His truth & calming presence

-- Dr. Ben Carson (@RealBenCarson)

November 14, 2015


The #ParisAttacks are a wake up call. This is a clash of civilizations. Either
they win or we win. https://t.co/9Ydjxy8KCi

-- Marco Rubio (@marcorubio)

November 14, 2015


We cannot defeat radical Islamic terrorism with a POTUS who refuses to utter the
words "radical Islamic terrorism!" https://t.co/CLOo7xkxeg

-- Ted Cruz (@tedcruz)

November 15, 2015


We have to be in this fight, there is no other option. We can't run out the
clock on ISIS, we need to take them out https://t.co/zKt8J0I38L

-- Jeb Bush (@JebBush)

November 16, 2015


We need a President who will see and speak and act on the truth...Hillary
Clinton will not call this Islamic terrorism. I will.

-- Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina)

November 15, 2015


A response to the Paris terror attacks: https://t.co/xqh1DwG5RH #Parisattacks

-- Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee)

November 14, 2015


The terrorist attacks in France tonight are alarming and heartbreaking. Our
thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and their families.

-- Chris Christie (@ChrisChristie)

November 13, 2015


Paris was a wake-up call. Enough is enough -- it's time to act. #DemDebate
#Paris pic.twitter.com/PM2vBbHWsK

-- John Kasich (@JohnKasich)

November 15, 2015


My thoughts & prayers are with the people of Paris. America must stand united
with France as they face this truly horrific act of terrorism

-- Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul)

November 13, 2015


If #ISIS wants form a 7th Century caliphate, I say let's oblige them and bomb
them back to the 7th Century

-- Rick Santorum (@RickSantorum)

November 14, 2015


My letter to @POTUS: In light of Paris terrorist attacks, time to pause process
of refugees coming to the US pic.twitter.com/v2K7wuigX0

-- Gov. Bobby Jindal (@BobbyJindal)

November 14, 2015


Do dem candidates for pres still think climate change is our greatest security
risk? Clearly it's radical Islam and we must stop isis now

-- George E. Pataki (@GovernorPataki)

November 14, 2015


We must implement #GrahamPlan to stop the spread of these terrorists.
https://t.co/FrPOK4ZsGk pic.twitter.com/EV7TZQOqKZ

-- Lindsey Graham (@LindseyGrahamSC)

November 16, 2015


#ParisAttacks The Western order of democracy and liberty is under assault, and
must be defended.

-- Jim Gilmore (@gov_gilmore)

November 13, 2015




LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Carly Fiorina bows her head during a moment of silence for the
victims of the attacks in Paris during the Adair County Republican Party's 2015
Lincoln Dinner on Friday in Greenfield, Iowa., Alex Wong/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                    Copyright 2015 U.S. News & World Report
                              All Rights Reserved

                               18 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                     November 14, 2015 Saturday 4:09 PM GMT

Paris attacks: World monuments lit up with Tricolore in solidarity with France;

The Tricolore is projected on well-known buildings around the globe following
Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Jess Staufenberg

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 442 words


Countrieshave lit up their most iconic monuments in solidarity with France
following multipleterror attacks in Paris.

The globalshow of respect and grief from Mexico, Brazil, London,US cities and
more follows shootings in the French capital which have killed 128 people and
injured another 200.

Radical Islamist terrorist group, Isis, have claimed responsibility for the
attack.

When the City of Light turns dark, the world lights up in solidarity. Don't let
terrorists win. #ParisAttackspic.twitter.com/xMOKmHYqRW

- Fascinating Pictures (@Fascinatingpics) November 14, 2015

The colours of the French flag have been lit across theAngel de la Independencia
monument in Mexico Cityto send a message across the ocean to Europe.

The Americancityalso lit up its Senate building in solidarity.

The Senate building is lit up in Mexico City, November 14, 2015

Further north, meanwhile, the same colours were projected on theOne World Trade
Center in Manhattan inNew York, which was built following the radical
Islamistterrorist attack on the original buildings 14 years ago on September
11th.

One World Trade Center is lit in the Manhattan borough of New York November 13,
2015.

New York, Boston and other cities in the United States also bolstered security
on Friday night after deadly gun and bomb attacks on civilians in Paris -
althoughlaw enforcement officials said the beefed-up police presence was
precautionary rather than a response to any specific threats.

Read more

French football fans sing national anthem during evacuation

Sports fixtures cancelled and Disneyland Paris closed after attacks

Loss of life in Paris could have been far worse

Las Vegas also paid its respects to victims of the Paris shooting, withthe
replica Eiffel Towerleft darkened in the entertainment cityas a sign of
mourning.

Tonight, our Eiffel Tower will remain dark in memory of the lives lost in the
attacks in Paris. pic.twitter.com/FFr55bRnHE

- Paris Las Vegas (@ParisVegas) November 14, 2015

The Beira-Rio stadium in Porto Alegre in Brazil, home of SC Internacional,
alsoilluminated its walls with the tricoloure.

Inter presta solidariedade às vítimas de ataques terroristas à capital francesa
Paris. #PrayForParispic.twitter.com/y6Qc8Chlub

- S. C. Internacional (@SCInternacional) November 14, 2015

San Francisco's City Hall haspaid tribute to its sister city once more in red,
blue and white.

S.F. stands with Paris pic.twitter.com/KmC6k3NnxR

- SFGate (@SFGate) November 14, 2015

President Holland has declared a state of emergency across France and closed all
its borders.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               19 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                     November 14, 2015 Saturday 4:21 PM GMT

Paris attacks: World monuments lit up with Tricolore in solidarity with France;

The Tricolore is projected on well-known buildings around the globe following
Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Jess Staufenberg

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 507 words


Countrieshave lit up their most iconic monuments in solidarity with France
following multipleterror attacks in Paris.

The globalshow of respect and grief from Mexico, Brazil, London,US cities and
more follows shootings in the French capital which have killed 128 people and
injured another 200.

Radical Islamist terrorist group, Isis, have claimed responsibility for the
attack.

The colours of the French flag were spread across Christ the Redeemer in Rio de
Janeiro.

Tonight #Brazil's "Christ the Redeemer" statue shows support for
#France#Paris#Prayers4Parispic.twitter.com/QCBTgDkoD0

- Deke Bridges (@dekebridges) November 14, 2015

And they have been lit across the Wembley Stadium in London:

Wembley Stadium is illuminated with the colours of the French Flag.
#Prayforparis#ParisAttackpic.twitter.com/s4s880SG66

- Danny Colligan (@dgregas1) November 14, 2015

Joining in was the Kuala Lumpur Tower in Malaysia's capital.

#PrayForParis #KLtower

A photo posted by @iamflyingkid on

Nov 14, 2015 at 5:03am PST

Mexico City lit up both itsAngel de la Independencia monument, and the Senate
building,to send a message across the ocean to Europe.

The Senate building is lit up in Mexico City, November 14, 2015

Further north, meanwhile, the same colours were projected on theOne World Trade
Center in Manhattan inNew York, which was built following the radical
Islamistterrorist attack on the original buildings 14 years ago on September
11th.

One World Trade Center is lit in the Manhattan borough of New York November 13,
2015.

New York, Boston and other cities in the United States also bolstered security
on Friday night after deadly gun and bomb attacks on civilians in Paris -
althoughlaw enforcement officials said the beefed-up police presence was
precautionary rather than a response to any specific threats.

Read more

French football fans sing national anthem during evacuation

Sports fixtures cancelled and Disneyland Paris closed after attacks

Loss of life in Paris could have been far worse

Las Vegas also paid its respects to victims of the Paris shooting, withthe
replica Eiffel Towerleft darkened in the entertainment cityas a sign of
mourning.

Tonight, our Eiffel Tower will remain dark in memory of the lives lost in the
attacks in Paris. pic.twitter.com/FFr55bRnHE

- Paris Las Vegas (@ParisVegas) November 14, 2015

The Beira-Rio stadium in Porto Alegre in Brazil, home of SC Internacional,
alsoilluminated its walls with the tricoloure.

Inter presta solidariedade às vítimas de ataques terroristas à capital francesa
Paris. #PrayForParispic.twitter.com/y6Qc8Chlub

- S. C. Internacional (@SCInternacional) November 14, 2015

San Francisco's City Hall haspaid tribute to its sister city once more in red,
blue and white.

S.F. stands with Paris pic.twitter.com/KmC6k3NnxR

- SFGate (@SFGate) November 14, 2015

President Holland has declared a state of emergency across France and closed all
its borders.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               20 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                           November 17, 2015 Tuesday

Germany releases seven arrested over terrorist attacks in Paris

LENGTH: 661  words


Police are seen on November 17, 2015, in Alsdorf near Aachen, western Germany,
following three arrests in connection with the terrorist attacks of November 13,
in Paris, France. (AFP photo)

Germany has released seven people who were arrested on suspicion of connection
with the November 13 terrorist attacks in the French capital.

German police near the Belgian border earlier on Tuesday arrested five men and
two women as part of a hunt for suspects in the terrorist attacks in Paris.

There was hope that one of the detainees arrested near the city of Aachen would
be 26-year-old Salah Abdeslam, the wanted suspect and the younger brother of
Brahim Abdeslam, who reportedly blew himself up in one of the attacks.

Speaking at a Berlin press conference, German Interior Minister Thomas de
Maiziere, however, stated that there was no "big fish" caught. "Unfortunately he
is not who we hoped he would be."

The German minister said "there does not appear to be a close connection to the
Paris attacks."

Police released the seven after the announcement by the interior minister,
saying there was "no indication that the persons are connected to the attacks."

ate on Monday, German police announced that they had detained an Algerian man
who allegedly warned Syrian asylum seekers in a camp in western Germany last
week that an imminent attack is going to be carried out in Paris.

France continues with a massive search and crackdown across the country to find
new clues to the shootings and explosions in Paris that killed over 130 people
and injured some 350 others.

Officials in Paris said Tuesday that they have identified two safe houses that
may have been used by the attackers. Local media said rooms in a hotel in
southern Paris were booked from November 11 to 17 in the name of Salah Abdeslam.

EU agrees with budget cuts

Meanwhile, officials in the European Union, in which France has a strong say,
announced that they would be ready to give Paris leeway on its budget so that
the administration of President Francois Hollande could take into account
security priorities in the wake of the Paris attacks.

"One thing that is clear in the current circumstances is that in this terrible
moment the protection of citizens, the security of citizens in France and Europe
is the absolute priority," said European Economics Commissioner Pierre
Moscovici.

In an address to the French parliament on Monday, Hollande vowed a merciless
fight against terror, saying France's military will significantly increase its
airstrikes on the purported positions of the Takfiri Daesh terrorists in Syria
and Iraq. Daesh has claimed responsibility for the Paris attacks.

France made an unprecedented demand on Tuesday for its European Union allies to
support its military action against Daesh in Syria. French Defense Minister
Jean-Yves Le Drian said according to EU's Lisbon Treaty, members of the
28-nation bloc must give "aid and assistance by all the means in their power" to
a member country that is "the victim of armed aggression on its territory."

Armed soldiers stand guard outside the European Committee of Regions
headquarters after security was tightened in Belgium, following the fatal
attacks in Paris on November 13, 2015, in Brussels, Belgium, November 17, 2015.
(Reuters photo)

In a separate development on Tuesday, a top Muslim authority in France urged its
followers to join the anti-terror protests planned for the upcoming Friday.

The Great Mosque of Paris called on French Muslims to gather at the country's
most important mosque to say "No to terror" and voice "their deep attachment to
Paris, its diversity and the values of the Republic," according to a statement
issued by the body.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/31/144796686278.jpg

Police are seen on November 17, 2015, in Alsdorf near Aachen, western Germany,
following three arrests in connection with the terrorist attacks of November 13,
in Paris, France. (AFP photo)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/82/144796686666.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               21 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau vows to protect Canadians' safety after Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 2001 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said his government will work to ensure the proper
balance between protecting Canadians "while defending our rights and freedoms"
as it considers how to respond to Friday's deadly terrorist attacks in Paris.

Speaking on the eve of his first foreign trip as prime minister, a shaken
Trudeau said Canada stands with its "French cousins." He added that the
government was unaware of any Canadians having been targeted or otherwise
involved in the attacks.

"We'll continue to engage with our allies around the world in ensuring the
safety of Canadians and others both here at home and around the world," he
added. "But I've been speaking with our national security team to ensure that
everything is being done to keep people safe."

Trudeau wouldn't say if he was reconsidering whether to withdraw Canadian
military aircraft from the fight against the Islamic State, or change the
controversial anti-terrorism Bill C-51, which was introduced by the Conservative
government and provided intelligence services with more powers.

"It's too soon to jump to any conclusions," he said. "But obviously governments
have a responsibility to keep their citizens safe while defending our rights and
freedoms, and that balance is something that the Canadian government and indeed
all government around the world will be focusing on."

More than 100 people died in a string of shootings at a Paris concert hall,
restaurants and streets, as well as in several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

"Everyone is very shaken in general," said Lamed Beth, a Canadian who moved from
Vancouver to Paris six years ago. Beth and her friend, Mary Sheridan, were out
for dinner at a restaurant and watched events unfold on television.

"People were immediately taken off the streets," Beth said. "Everyone that was
walking was pulled into a restaurant or into a café and told to stay inside."

Sheridan, who works for a caterer in Paris, said her boss was at Le Bataclan on
Friday night, a concert hall in the 11th arrondissement that was the scene of a
hostage crisis. She said her boss was shot in the leg twice and taken to
hospital. Scores more were killed.

In Ottawa, additional RCMP patrol officers were dispatched Friday evening to
"points of interest" around the city, including the French Embassy on Sussex
Drive and Parliament Hill.

A security source said there were no threats directed at Ottawa and that the
increased security is part of a planned protocol for dealing with international
security events.

The source said the protocol also includes local police and security agencies at
all levels opening channels of communication to share any local intelligence,
and that the added security will remain in place "until we get clarity on what
really transpired" in Paris.

At the French Embassy Friday night, a single RCMP vehicle was on guard.

Charles Romero, the president of France Ottawa, an association for French people
living abroad, said he managed to reach his brother and sister in Paris and they
are safe.

"I'm in deep shock because even if we were knowing the situation in France was
tense because of what's happening in Iraq, Syria, the intervention of the French
army there, nobody can expect what happened tonight in Paris," he said.

Romero said he would call this weekend on French citizens in Ottawa to gather to
express their support and compassion for victims and their families.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, said the French
government had been warning for months it was expecting another terrorist attack
after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo last
January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"This is plainly a highly skilled, orchestrated, multiple attack on France," he
said. "I don't know of any domestic groups that could have pulled this off. For
this to be organized so meticulously, it makes one think of the Islamic State."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out Friday evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

He said he lives about 1.5 kilometres from the shootings, near several
hospitals, and had seen "a constant stream" of emergency vehicles going by.

Amanda Fong, a 26-year-old Montrealer living in Paris, was having dinner in the
15th arrondissement in the central part of the city when she heard of the
attacks and immediately headed home.

"It's shocking," said Fong, a community manager for a startup who moved to Paris
in April. "I just hope my new home can recover from this."

France's ambassador to Canada, Nicolas Chapuis, said

Nicolas Chapuis, the ambassador of France to Canada, said outside the embassy in
Ottawa Friday night that he felt horror, tragedy and fear when he learned of the
attack in Paris. His son in Paris e-mailed him immediately to say he was safe,
and he reached other family and friends to make sure they were out of harm's
way. He doesn't believe that he is a target in Canada.

Since the attack, Chapuis said he has seen an incredible amount of sympathy from
the Canadian government and the citizens of this country.

Chapuis said his country is taking measures to make sure that French citizens
around the world are safe.

"The attack on Paris is an attack on the world," he said.

The political and diplomatic community in Canada offered their condolences by
email and Twitter Friday evening.

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those who lost
their lives and those injured in the terrorist attacks today in Paris," said
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose in a statement.

Former prime minister Stephen Harper tweeted that "our thoughts and prayers are
with the innocent victims of these savage terrorist attacks in Paris."

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris days ago, tweeted that she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

The Canadian ambassador to France, Lawrence Cannon, tweeted that Canada was
"deeply shocked by the attacks ... our support to the whole of #France and
families of the victims."

NDP Leader Tom Mulcair tweeted that "Catherine and I are shocked by news of the
horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray tonight for the victims, their families, &;
all Parisians."

"Horrific news from Paris of many innocents killed," tweeted Green party leader
Elizabeth May. "Others now hostage. All thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of
France in this dark hour."

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted that she was "shocked and dismayed" by the attacks.
"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

- With files from Meghan Hurley, Ian MacLeod and Jason Fekete, Ottawa Citizen
and the Montreal Gazette.

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com

FOR INFORMATION

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

Related

Paris terror attack leaves at least 149 dead(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

Trudeau's debut on world stage altered by Paris attacks(
http://ottawacitizen.com/news/national/trudeaus-debut-on-world-stage-a-chance-to
-move-from-style-to-substance )

Facebook activates Safety Check function that allows Paris users let loved ones
know they're OK after attacks(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/world/facebook+activates+safety+check+function
+that+allows+paris+users/11515877/story.html )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               22 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                                  NBCNEWS.com

                     November 19, 2015 Thursday 3:02 AM GMT

To U.S. Mass Shooting Victims, Paris Attacks Sadly Familiar

BYLINE: The Associated Press

LENGTH: 184 words


Click to view full-text

http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-mass-shooting-victims-paris-attacks
-sadly-familiar-n466011

Mass shootings haven't played a large role in the debate over how to prevent a
Paris-style attack because Americans tend to see them as isolated events

Click to view image

http://media3.s-nbcnews.com/i/newscms/2015_47/1308771/151118-paris
-mass-2154_7a55d0e3a8b275ffae3887a0270eb43f.jpg

GONZALO FUENTES

Image: People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral where a mass is held following
a series of deadly attacks in Paris

People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral where a mass is held following a
series of deadly attacks in Paris, November 15, 2015. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

Click to view image

http://media3.s-nbcnews.com/i/newscms/2015_47/1308771/151118-paris
-mass-2154_7a55d0e3a8b275ffae3887a0270eb43f.jpg

GONZALO FUENTES

Image: People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral where a mass is held following
a series of deadly attacks in Paris

People gather outside Notre Dame Cathedral where a mass is held following a
series of deadly attacks in Paris, November 15, 2015. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 NBCNEWS.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                               23 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                    November 18, 2015 Wednesday 6:01 PM GMT

Paris attacks: Molenbeek residents hold peace vigil to change negative images of
their neighbourhood;
Thousands crowded the main square in Molenbeek to pay tribute to the victims of
the Paris attacks

BYLINE: Doug Bolton

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 524 words


Residents of the Molenbeek area of Brussels have taken to the streets for a
candlelit vigil, to commemorate Friday's terrorist attacks in Paris and to
dispel the negative image of the deprived neighbourhood that has developed in
the last few days.

The vigil was organised through a Facebook event, and around 2,600 people
pledged to attend.

Molenbeek vigil - solidarity with Paris. pic.twitter.com/DFToxiewkJ

- Ryan Ramgobin (@ryanramgobin) November 18, 2015

Writing on the event page, De Vaartkapoen, a community group and the organisers
of the vigil, wrote: "In these dark times, it is important that we give a clear
message of solidarity."

"On Wednesday, November 18 at 5pm, we will be at the Molenbeek town square with
hundreds of candles in tribute to victims of terrorism and political violence,
whether in Paris or anywhere else in the world."

Big crowds passing through security cordon now for #Molenbeek vigil.
pic.twitter.com/BTlyZ8bwXj

- Mark Hutchings (@markhutchings1) November 18, 2015

Molenbeek authorities have organised a vigil for those in died in the
#ParisAttacks. pic.twitter.com/wFECJsInds

- James Franey (@jamesfraney) November 18, 2015

Molenbeek now. A vigil for Paris. pic.twitter.com/mLAi6pS1tI

- James Franey (@jamesfraney) November 18, 2015

"We will show that we are a friendly town and we do not accept the climate of
fear that has been created."

Images from the vigil showed many hundreds of people crowding into the town
square, some of them waving French and Belgian flags.

Anothereven larger vigil is planned to take place in Brussels city centre on
Sunday.

After the links between the area and the Paris attacks emerged, Belgian interior
minister Jan Jambon promised to "clean up Molenbeek".

Read more

Molenbeek: The Belgian neighbourhood indelibly linked to jihad

Molenbeek has developed a reputation as a troubled, run-down area, and is a
hotspot for crime, drugs, and increasingly, jihadists.

Less than 24 hours after the Paris attacks had took place, Belgian police had
swooped on a number of addresses in Molenbeek, arresting seven suspects over the
weekend.

One of the suburb's most high-profile jihadi residents was Abdelhamid Abaaoud,
who has been calledthe 'mastermind' between the Paris attacks and a number of
other plots.

Read more

Salah Abdeslam 'not arrested' in special forces siege on Belgian home

Visiting Molenbeek - home of two of the gunmen in the Paris attack

Defence stocks are rising after the Paris attacks

These are the Muslim victims of the Paris attacks

Brahim Abdeslam,who killed himself and injured three people when he blew himself
up outside a café in Paris, also used to live in the area.

Speaking to the BBC, one Belgian woman attending the vigil said: "We are here
today because we want to show the world that Molenbeeknot the place where there
is only jihadism."

"There are a lot of people living here and they don't agree with this kind of
terror. We want peace, and this is a clear message to the world that Molenbeekis
a fine place to live."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               24 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                               Bollywoodlife.com

                         November 14, 2015 6:30 AM EST

Paris Attacks: Akshay Kumar, Priyanka Chopra, Anushka Sharma, Varun Dhawan
express shock and grief on Twitter; Aditya Chopra returns back safely to India!

BYLINE: Subramanian Harikumar

LENGTH: 908  words


Bollywood reacts after deadly terrorist attacks leave Paris shattered

The world woke up to a rude shock after Paris was battered from multiple
terrorist attacks.

It is being said that as many as six different locations in the capital of
France were attacked and almost 153 people are feared dead. This ghastly and
inhuman attack on the beautiful city of Paris has left the world shaken to the
core. Aditya Chopra, who was there in the city for Befikre location scouting,
came back India safely just few days before the attack. Mr Chopra, who came back
to India to celebrate Diwali, expressed his shock at the unfortunate turn of
events.

Bollywood celebs also took to twitter to express their shock, disbelief and
grief about the Paris attacks.

So disturbed by what has happened in Paris. What is the world coming to.. What
is the point of the violence.. #PrayForParis
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/PrayForParis?src=hash) .My heart hurts

- PRIYANKA (@priyankachopra) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/priyankachopra/status/665353182072209408)

Heartbroken about Paris. The scary reality is how this too will be buried under
something worse that may happen soon elsewhere. So so sad. - Nimrat Kaur
(@NimratOfficial) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/NimratOfficial/status/665354056483762176)

Woke up to the horrific news about attacks in Paris. Pray for more courage for
the people in Paris against these cowardly attacks . - Anushka Sharma
(@AnushkaSharma) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/AnushkaSharma/status/665354063114993665)

Heartbreaking to hear about the #ParisAttacks
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttacks?src=hash).can only pray for peace. I
hope justice will be served

- Varun Veer Dhawan (@Varun_dvn) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/Varun_dvn/status/665363617953374209)

Shocked at the news of #ParisAttacks
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttacks?src=hash) strength n prayers to the
victims n their families.Power to the security authorities.

- Sidharth Malhotra (@S1dharthM) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/S1dharthM/status/665388463634690048)

Killing innocent people is d worst crime ever#sad
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/sad?src=hash) day for humanity#ParisAttack
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttack?src=hash) .. - GAUAHAR KHAN
(@GAUAHAR_KHAN) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/GAUAHAR_KHAN/status/665387298821836800)

Absolutely heartbroken. Prayers for the victims & for justice. Nous sommes avec
vous mes amis #PrayForParis (https://twitter.com/hashtag/PrayForParis?src=hash)
#StandWithParis (https://twitter.com/hashtag/StandWithParis?src=hash) - SOPHIE
CHOUDRY (@Sophie_Choudry) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/Sophie_Choudry/status/665380422076014592)

Just read about the #ParisAttacks
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttacks?src=hash) Sending them prayers, love
and light.

- Vir Das (@thevirdas) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/thevirdas/status/665349448285843456)

Sad,horrifying, tragic  But now this is happening so very often globally that
the only reaction is numbness.. God give them strength

- Raveena Tandon (@TandonRaveena) November 13, 2015
(https://twitter.com/TandonRaveena/status/665317944847675392)

Tragic, this unleashing of terror, that no one is immune from. Prayers for the
victims & their families. #ParisAttacks
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttacks?src=hash) #EaglesOfDeathMetal
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/EaglesOfDeathMetal?src=hash) - Gul Panag
(@GulPanag) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/GulPanag/status/665368458918498304)

Woke up to the terrible news of the #ParisAttacks
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttacks?src=hash)! Haven't we evolved at all?
My thoughts, love & prayers with those affected. - Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar)
November 14, 2015 (https://twitter.com/akshaykumar/status/665374089230446592)

Sad to hear about the attacks in Paris. That and everywhere place in the world
is a place for love. NOT war!!!

- Neil Nitin Mukesh (@NeilNMukesh) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/NeilNMukesh/status/665372636940144641)

Where is humanity headed..am shocked and so sad.Lets pray for the victims and
their families #PrayForParis (https://twitter.com/hashtag/PrayForParis?src=hash)
pic.twitter.com/0JcxAHCKS7 (https://t.co/0JcxAHCKS7)

- bhumi pednekar (@psbhumi) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/psbhumi/status/665410038677282816)

Praying for Paris and the many lives that have been taken & those that are
continually devastated by these terrorists attacks. #PrayForParis
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/PrayForParis?src=hash)

- Hansika (@ihansika) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/ihansika/status/665403798035279873)

This makes me so sad. Je t'aime Paris. #prayforparis
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/prayforparis?src=hash) https://t.co/wENzPe2DXJ
pic.twitter.com/KwI9SG5Jta (https://t.co/KwI9SG5Jta)

- Sonam Kapoor (@sonamakapoor) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/sonamakapoor/status/665413228076392449)

I posted pictures from Paris trip 2 days back. And today there was blast @all
(https://twitter.com/All) those places. Scary unpredictable life.

- Shriya Saran (@shriya1109) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/shriya1109/status/665411865162444801)

Wish we could just wipe out terrorism. #ParisAttack
(https://twitter.com/hashtag/ParisAttack?src=hash) - Shocking and disturbing.
Prayers for the peace and safety of humanity.

- Bipasha Basu (@bipsluvurself) November 14, 2015
(https://twitter.com/bipsluvurself/status/665403817463300096)

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


              Copyright 2015 India.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                               25 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                    November 14, 2015 Saturday 11:10 AM GMT

Paris shootings: World monuments lit up in solidarity with France;
The tricolour is projected on well-known buildings around the globe following
Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Jess Staufenberg

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 442 words


Countrieshave lit up their most iconic monuments in solidarity with France
following multipleterror attacks in Paris.

The globalshow of respect and grief from Mexico, Brazil, London,US cities and
more follows shootings in the French capital which have killed 128 people and
injured another 200.

Radical Islamist terrorist group, ISIS, have claimed responsibility for the
attack.

When the City of Light turns dark, the world lights up in solidarity. Don't let
terrorists win. #ParisAttackspic.twitter.com/xMOKmHYqRW

- Fascinating Pictures (@Fascinatingpics) November 14, 2015

The colours of the French flag have been lit across theAngel de la Independencia
monument in Mexico Cityto send a message across the ocean to Europe.

The Americancityalso lit up its Senate building in solidarity.

The Senate building is lit up in Mexico City, November 14, 2015

Further north, meanwhile, the same colours were projected on theOne World Trade
Center in Manhattan inNew York, which was built following the radical
Islamistterrorist attack on the original buildings 14 years ago on September
11th.

One World Trade Center is lit in the Manhattan borough of New York November 13,
2015.

New York, Boston and other cities in the United States also bolstered security
on Friday night after deadly gun and bomb attacks on civilians in Paris -
althoughlaw enforcement officials said the beefed-up police presence was
precautionary rather than a response to any specific threats.

Read more

French football fans sing national anthem during evacuation

Sports fixtures cancelled and Disneyland Paris closed after attacks

Loss of life in Paris could have been far worse

Las Vegas also paid its respects to victims of the Paris shooting, withthe
replica Eiffel Towerleft darkened in the entertainment cityas a sign of
mourning.

Tonight, our Eiffel Tower will remain dark in memory of the lives lost in the
attacks in Paris. pic.twitter.com/FFr55bRnHE

- Paris Las Vegas (@ParisVegas) November 14, 2015

The Beira-Rio stadium in Porto Alegre in Brazil, home of SC Internacional,
alsoilluminated its walls with the tricoloure.

Inter presta solidariedade às vítimas de ataques terroristas à capital francesa
Paris. #PrayForParispic.twitter.com/y6Qc8Chlub

- S. C. Internacional (@SCInternacional) November 14, 2015

San Francisco's City Hall haspaid tribute to its sister city once more in red,
blue and white.

S.F. stands with Paris pic.twitter.com/KmC6k3NnxR

- SFGate (@SFGate) November 14, 2015

President Holland has declared a state of emergency across France and closed all
its borders.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               26 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                    November 14, 2015 Saturday 12:29 PM GMT

Paris shootings: World monuments lit up with Tricolore in solidarity with
France;
The Tricolore is projected on well-known buildings around the globe following
Paris terror attacks

BYLINE: Jess Staufenberg

SECTION: EUROPE

LENGTH: 442 words


Countrieshave lit up their most iconic monuments in solidarity with France
following multipleterror attacks in Paris.

The globalshow of respect and grief from Mexico, Brazil, London,US cities and
more follows shootings in the French capital which have killed 128 people and
injured another 200.

Radical Islamist terrorist group, Isis, have claimed responsibility for the
attack.

When the City of Light turns dark, the world lights up in solidarity. Don't let
terrorists win. #ParisAttackspic.twitter.com/xMOKmHYqRW

- Fascinating Pictures (@Fascinatingpics) November 14, 2015

The colours of the French flag have been lit across theAngel de la Independencia
monument in Mexico Cityto send a message across the ocean to Europe.

The Americancityalso lit up its Senate building in solidarity.

The Senate building is lit up in Mexico City, November 14, 2015

Further north, meanwhile, the same colours were projected on theOne World Trade
Center in Manhattan inNew York, which was built following the radical
Islamistterrorist attack on the original buildings 14 years ago on September
11th.

One World Trade Center is lit in the Manhattan borough of New York November 13,
2015.

New York, Boston and other cities in the United States also bolstered security
on Friday night after deadly gun and bomb attacks on civilians in Paris -
althoughlaw enforcement officials said the beefed-up police presence was
precautionary rather than a response to any specific threats.

Read more

French football fans sing national anthem during evacuation

Sports fixtures cancelled and Disneyland Paris closed after attacks

Loss of life in Paris could have been far worse

Las Vegas also paid its respects to victims of the Paris shooting, withthe
replica Eiffel Towerleft darkened in the entertainment cityas a sign of
mourning.

Tonight, our Eiffel Tower will remain dark in memory of the lives lost in the
attacks in Paris. pic.twitter.com/FFr55bRnHE

- Paris Las Vegas (@ParisVegas) November 14, 2015

The Beira-Rio stadium in Porto Alegre in Brazil, home of SC Internacional,
alsoilluminated its walls with the tricoloure.

Inter presta solidariedade às vítimas de ataques terroristas à capital francesa
Paris. #PrayForParispic.twitter.com/y6Qc8Chlub

- S. C. Internacional (@SCInternacional) November 14, 2015

San Francisco's City Hall haspaid tribute to its sister city once more in red,
blue and white.

S.F. stands with Paris pic.twitter.com/KmC6k3NnxR

- SFGate (@SFGate) November 14, 2015

President Holland has declared a state of emergency across France and closed all
its borders.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               27 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                     November 15, 2015 Sunday 11:30 AM GMT

Paris terror attacks: Thousands attend vigil in Trafalgar Square;
Many brought flags and signs reading: 'Paris, je t'aime', 'London stands with
Paris', 'Give peace a chance'

BYLINE: Samuel Osborne

SECTION: HOME NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Thousands gathered in Trafalgar Square as vigils for the Paris attacks took
place around the world.

Many brought flags and signs reading: 'Paris, je t'aime', 'London stands with
Paris', 'Give peace a chance'.

Occasionally they broke into songs - the Marseillaise, Champs Elysee - and
spontaneous applause.

LIVE on #Periscope: Paris vigil in Trafalgar Square https://t.co/lfbqUSVlTU

- Andrew Griffin (@_andrew_griffin) November 14, 2015

Huge number of people for the vigil in Trafalgar Square. Currently singing mon
rien de rien. pic.twitter.com/m3aMEHENOA

- Philip Kleinfeld (@PKleinfeld) November 14, 2015

pic.twitter.com/RuZSZoo7Pl

- Andrew Griffin (@_andrew_griffin) November 14, 2015

Huge crowd out in Trafalgar Square just now. Everyone's singing in French.
pic.twitter.com/lWRqWxSkIe

- Wlliam Warren (@wwarrenjourno) November 14, 2015

Mobiles become candles in
#TrafalgarSquare#ParisAttackspic.twitter.com/q3gK3F3fMD

- Mario Cacciottolo (@m_cacciottolo) November 14, 2015

Trafalgar Square #parisattackspic.twitter.com/8cYaY6wyvX

- Vincent Collen (@VincentCollen) November 14, 2015

The mood was described as quieter than a similar event following the Charlie
Hebdo shootings a year ago.

Read more

World leaders unite in revulsion at horrors of Paris attack

Facebook adds French flag for profile pictures in Paris solidarity

Italian clubs show support for Paris victims with La Marseillaise

Paris shootings: Facebook customises safety app for friends

Hundreds queue to give blood after terror attacks

The vigilwas well attended despite the rain, which could be seen streaming
through the light projecting a Tricolour onto the National Gallery.

Union flags will also be flown at half-mast across London, including
fromtheGuildhall, The Mansion House and Old Bailey.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               28 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                               Independent.co.uk

                     November 14, 2015 Saturday 9:33 PM GMT

Paris attacks: Thousands attend vigil in Trafalgar Square;
Many brought flags and signs reading: 'Paris, je t'aime', 'London stands with
Paris', 'Give peace a chance'

BYLINE: Samuel Osborne

SECTION: HOME NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Thousands gathered in Trafalgar Square as vigils for the Paris attacks took
place around the world.

Many brought flags and signs reading: 'Paris, je t'aime', 'London stands with
Paris', 'Give peace a chance'.

Occasionally they broke into songs - the Marseillaise, Champs Elysee - and
spontaneous applause.

LIVE on #Periscope: Paris vigil in Trafalgar Square https://t.co/lfbqUSVlTU

- Andrew Griffin (@_andrew_griffin) November 14, 2015

Huge number of people for the vigil in Trafalgar Square. Currently singing mon
rien de rien. pic.twitter.com/m3aMEHENOA

- Philip Kleinfeld (@PKleinfeld) November 14, 2015

pic.twitter.com/RuZSZoo7Pl

- Andrew Griffin (@_andrew_griffin) November 14, 2015

Huge crowd out in Trafalgar Square just now. Everyone's singing in French.
pic.twitter.com/lWRqWxSkIe

- Wlliam Warren (@wwarrenjourno) November 14, 2015

Mobiles become candles in
#TrafalgarSquare#ParisAttackspic.twitter.com/q3gK3F3fMD

- Mario Cacciottolo (@m_cacciottolo) November 14, 2015

Trafalgar Square #parisattackspic.twitter.com/8cYaY6wyvX

- Vincent Collen (@VincentCollen) November 14, 2015

The mood was described as quieter than a similar event following the Charlie
Hebdo shootings a year ago.

Read more

World leaders unite in revulsion at horrors of Paris attack

Facebook adds French flag for profile pictures in Paris solidarity

Italian clubs show support for Paris victims with La Marseillaise

Paris shootings: Facebook customises safety app for friends

Hundreds queue to give blood after terror attacks

The vigilwas well attended despite the rain, which could be seen streaming
through the light projecting a Tricolour onto the National Gallery.

Union flags will also be flown at half-mast across London, including
fromtheGuildhall, The Mansion House and Old Bailey.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBI


           Copyright 2015 Independent Digital News and Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               29 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

Over 120 killed in Paris gunfire, explosions

LENGTH: 983  words


Rescue service personnel are working near the covered bodies following a
shooting incident at the Petit Cambodge restaurant in Paris, November 13, 2015.
(Reuters)

More than 120 people have been killed and over 200 others injured in the French
capital Paris in the deadliest attacks to hit the country since the Second World
War.

According to French media on Friday night, several people, who had been held
hostage by gunmen at the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris, were killed.
Witnesses say the terrorists were shooting for 10 to 15 minutes. Officials said
eight of the attackers were killed, including three of them who blew themselves
up. Fatalities were also reported in other attacks across Paris.

French riot police secure the area near the Bataclan arts center in Paris,
November 13, 2015. (Reuters)

In another Friday attack, at least 11 people were killed by gunmen outside a bar
called Le Carillon in Paris.

The assailants also opened fire at the Petit Cambodge restaurant in the city's
10th district, killing four people.

According to the French Liberation daily, at least 100 rounds were also fired at
La Belle Equipe cafe in the 11th district.

The scene of a shooting at the Petit Cambodge restaurant in Paris, November 13,
2015 (Twitter)

Police and rescuers work at the scene of an attack in the 10th district of the
French capital Paris, November 13, 2015. (AFP)

Blasts near national stadium

Three explosions near Stade de France, the country's national stadium just north
of Paris, left several people dead and injured.

At the time of the explosions, French President Francois Hollande was present at
the stadium, where France were hosting Germany, but he was evacuated to safety
before holding crisis talks with Prime Minister Manuel Valls and Interior
Minister Bernard Cazeneuve at the Interior Ministry building.

Rescue service personnel are working near the covered bodies following a
shooting incident at the Cambodge restaurant in Paris, November 13, 2015.
(Reuters)

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
friendly football match between France and Germany, after a series of attacks
took place across Paris, November 13, 2015. (AFP)

The explosions near the stadium could be heard inside during the match as they
happened in the first half, but the match was not stopped. France beat Germany
2-0 in a game overshadowed by the terrifying violence.

Reports said another shooting and bombing attack took place at Les Halles, a
shopping center in central Paris.

Government officials and police in Paris advised residents to stay indoors.

Crowds leave the Stade de France stadium in Paris, following the friendly soccer
match between France and Germany, after a series of attacks took place across
Paris, November 13, 2015. (Reuters)

French police said at least four attackers -- three of whom wearing explosive
belts -- were killed, warning that some other assailants "may still be on the
loose."

State of emergency

In a brief televised statement, Hollande said two major decisions had been made
and a cabinet meeting had been called.

Pointing to the first decision, he said, "A state of emergency will be
declared," adding, "The second measure will be the closure of national borders."

"We must ensure that no one comes in to commit any act whatsoever, and at the
same time make sure that those who have committed these crimes should be
arrested if they try to leave the country," the French president noted.

French President Francois Hollande (C), flanked by French Interior Minister
Bernard Cazeneuve (Rear L) and French Prime Minister manuel Valls (R) addresses
reporters near the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris, early on November 14,
2015. (AFP)

Hollande has also cancelled his planned visit to the G20 summit in Turkey, due
on November 15 and 16, following the Paris attacks.

Large numbers of Parisians held candlelight vigils across the city in the early
hours of Saturday morning in memory of the victims of the deadly Friday attacks.

Global condemnation

A large number of political figures and international bodies across the globe
denounced the fatal Paris attacks.

United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon condemned the "despicable terrorist
attacks" raids, and the 15-member United Nations Security Council also denounced
the "barbaric and cowardly terrorist attacks."

Russian President Vladimir Putin offered condolences and support to his
counterpart Francois Hollande and the people of France.

At a press conference at the White House, US President Barack Obama said his
administration is ready to "provide whatever assistance that the government and
the people of France need," and pledged to "bring these terrorists to justice
and go after any terrorist networks" involved. He also described the series of
deadly incidents across Paris as an "attack on all of humanity".

German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she is "deeply shaken by the news and
pictures that are reaching us from Paris."

British Prime Minister David Cameron said he was "shocked" by the attacks in
Paris, vowing to assist the neighboring country.

European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker wrote on his Twitter page that
he was "deeply shocked by the events in Paris," expressing "full solidarity with
the people of France."

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/71/144796682266.jpg

Rescue service personnel are working near the covered bodies following a
shooting incident at the Petit Cambodge restaurant in Paris, November 13, 2015.
(Reuters)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/22/144796682529.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/9/144796682792.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/100/144796683096.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/78/144796683488.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/53/144796683797.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/71/144796684184.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/37/144796684518.jpg



http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/14/144796684831.jpg



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               30 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau 'shocked and saddened' as Canada reacts to Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1809 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he was "shocked and saddened" by the wave of
attacks that have killed dozens in Paris Friday evening, as the Canadian
government warned any citizen currently living or travelling in France to be
"extremely vigilant."

"I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured
today in a number of terrorist attacks in Paris, France, and that many others
are being held hostage," said a statement from Trudeau, who was set to head to
Turkey Friday for the G20 Convention that begins Sunday.

"As the situation continues to unfold, Sophie and I join all Canadians in
extending our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those killed.
It is our sincere hope that the hostages are freed unharmed as soon as possible.
We also wish a speedy recovery to all those who have been injured."

Reports indicate that at least 35 people are dead in a string of shootings in
Paris restaurants and streets, as well as several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

"Everyone is very shaken in general," said Lamed Beth, a Canadian who moved from
Vancouver to Paris six years ago. Beth and her friend Mary Sheridan were out for
dinner at a restaurant in Place de la Bastille and watched the events unfold on
television.

"People were immediately taken off the streets," Beth said. "Everyone that was
walking was pulled into a restaurant or into a café and told to stay inside."

Sheridan, who works for a caterer in Paris, said her boss was at Le Bataclan on
Friday night, a venue in the 11th Arrondissement that was the site of a hostage
crisis. Sheridan said her boss was shot in the leg twice and was taken to
hospital.

"[Sheridan's] boss told her that she would have to cover for her because she got
shot and one of her colleagues passed away in her arms," said Beth.

Beth said the 11th is a popular neighbourhood, and usually packed on Friday and
Saturday nights.

"People had just barely forgotten Charlie Hebdo," said Beth. "It's very shocking
to know Paris is more unsafe than it was earlier in January."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out this evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

"Luckily I am on the south side of the Seine and all the attacks are on the
North side in a neighbourhood we often frequent."

He said they live near several hospitals and have seen "a constant stream" of
emergency vehicles going by. He said they're about 1 1/2 kilometres away from
the shootings.

"It will be really interesting to see how this weekend unfolds," he said. "It
was surreal to be here earlier this year for the Charlie Hebdo events."

At the Great Canadian Pub on the city's Left Bank, the owners closed early
because of safety concerns.

"Everybody was talking on the phone and we just decided to close," said an
employee of the bar, adding that customers were shocked by the news.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, was sleeping and unaware
of the shooting when contacted Friday night.

He said the government had been saying for months they were expecting another
terrorist attack after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine
Charlie Hebdo last January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"It was only yesterday that the government was announcing they had to do
something to stop the flow of guns, particularly Kalashnikovs, that are floating
around," Spicer said.

In Ottawa, additional RCMP patrol officers were dispatched Friday evening to
"points of interest" around the city, including the French embassy on Sussex
Drive and Parliament Hill.

A security source said there were no threats directed at Ottawa and that the
increased security is part of a planned protocol for dealing with international
security events.

The source said the protocol also includes local police and security agencies at
all levels opening channels of communication to share any local intelligence,
and that the added security will remain in place "until we get clarity on what
really transpired" in Paris.

The political and diplomatic community in Canada offered their condolences by
email and Twitter Friday evening.

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those who lost
their lives and those injured in the terrorist attacks today in Paris," said
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose in a statement. "We pray for the safe
release of the hostages currently being held."

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris days ago, tweeted that she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

France's ambassador to Canada, Nicolas Chapuis, said in a statement that "we
have also received words of solidarity and sympathy from many Canadians, which
are warmly appreciated."

"The embassy and our consulates general are receiving numerous calls from our
countrymen sharing their concerns. I want to reassure them that we are in
contact with Canadian security forces and all precautions are being taken to
protect our community."

NDP Leader Tom Mulcair tweeted that "Catherine and I are shocked by news of the
horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray tonight for the victims, their families, &;
all Parisians."

"Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour," tweeted
Green party leader Elizabeth May.

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted tonight that she is "shocked and dismayed" over the
attacks in Paris.

"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

With files from Ian MacLeod, Ottawa Citizen

Related

Paris terror attack leaves at least 149 dead(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

Trudeau's debut on world stage altered by Paris attacks(
http://ottawacitizen.com/news/national/trudeaus-debut-on-world-stage-a-chance-to
-move-from-style-to-substance )

Facebook activates Safety Check function that allows Paris users let loved ones
know they're OK after attacks(
http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/world/facebook+activates+safety+check+function
+that+allows+paris+users/11515877/story.html )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               31 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  RIA Novosti

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Suspect in Paris Attacks Charged With Terrorism - Belgian Prosecutors

BYLINE: РИА Новости,РИАН

LENGTH: 182 words


MOSCOW, November 21 (Sputnik) - An unidentified suspect in the November 13 Paris
terrorist attacks has been charged with terrorism offenses, Belgian federal
prosecutors said.

The prosecutors revealed on Friday that Belgium charged the man, detained during
police raids conducted after the attacks, with participating in the Paris
terrorist acts.

According to Belgian prosecutors, nine people were detained on Thursday in
connection with the Paris attacks, seven of them as part of Bilal Hadfi's
criminal case. Hadfi blew himself up last Friday near the Stade de France
stadium, one of the several sites where terrorist attacks were carried out in
Paris.

At least 129 people were killed and over 350 were injured in the attacks.
Islamic State (IS) radicals claimed responsibility for the terrorist acts.

Following the attacks, Belgian police carried out a series of anti-terrorist
operations detaining a number of people in Brussels, suspected of links to the
Paris attacks

The alleged ringleader of the Paris attacks, Belgium-based Abdelhamid Abaaoud,
was killed in a police raid in Paris on Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire

JOURNAL-CODE: 244


                           Copyright 2015 RIA Novosti
                              All Rights Reserved

                               32 of 33 DOCUMENTS


                            Postmedia Breaking News

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Trudeau 'shocked and saddened' as Canada reacts to Paris attacks

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 1749 words


Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said he was "shocked and saddened" by the wave of
attacks that have killed dozens in Paris Friday evening, as the Canadian
government warned any citizen currently living or travelling in France to be
"extremely vigilant."

"I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured
today in a number of terrorist attacks in Paris, France, and that many others
are being held hostage," said a statement from Trudeau, who was set to head to
Turkey Friday for the G20 Convention that begins Sunday.

"As the situation continues to unfold, Sophie and I join all Canadians in
extending our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those killed.
It is our sincere hope that the hostages are freed unharmed as soon as possible.
We also wish a speedy recovery to all those who have been injured."

Reports indicate that at least 35 people are dead in a string of shootings in
Paris restaurants and streets, as well as several explosions at a bar near a
stadium where a France-Germany soccer match was being played.

"Everyone is very shaken in general," said Lamed Beth, a Canadian who moved from
Vancouver to Paris six years ago. Beth and her friend Mary Sheridan were out for
dinner at a restaurant in Place de la Bastille and watched the events unfold on
television.

"People were immediately taken off the streets," Beth said. "Everyone that was
walking was pulled into a restaurant or into a café and told to stay inside."

Sheridan, who works for a caterer in Paris, said her boss was at Le Bataclan on
Friday night, a venue in the 11th Arrondissement that was the site of a hostage
crisis. Sheridan said her boss was shot in the leg twice and was taken to
hospital.

"[Sheridan's] boss told her that she would have to cover for her because she got
shot and one of her colleagues passed away in her arms," said Beth.

Beth said the 11th is a popular neighbourhood, and usually packed on Friday and
Saturday nights.

"People had just barely forgotten Charlie Hebdo," said Beth. "It's very shocking
to know Paris is more unsafe than it was earlier in January."

Gene Villeneuve of Ottawa, who is currently working in Paris, said he had plans
to go out this evening.

"But our friends cancelled and we decided to stay in and have other friends
over," he said in an email.

"Luckily I am on the south side of the Seine and all the attacks are on the
North side in a neighbourhood we often frequent."

He said they live near several hospitals and have seen "a constant stream" of
emergency vehicles going by. He said they're about 1 1/2 kilometres away from
the shootings.

"It will be really interesting to see how this weekend unfolds," he said. "It
was surreal to be here earlier this year for the Charlie Hebdo events."

At the Great Canadian Pub on the city's Left Bank, the owners closed early
because of safety concerns.

"Everybody was talking on the phone and we just decided to close," said an
employee of the bar, adding that customers were shocked by the news.

Former Citizen editor Keith Spicer, who lives in Paris, was sleeping and unaware
of the shooting when contacted Friday night.

He said the government had been saying for months they were expecting another
terrorist attack after the shootings at the offices of the satirical magazine
Charlie Hebdo last January.

"It's appalling and shocking, but they have been expecting this," said Spicer.
"The minister of the interior and the president and the prime minister have all
said there will be more of this.

"It was only yesterday that the government was announcing they had to do
something to stop the flow of guns, particularly Kalashnikovs, that are floating
around," Spicer said.

In Ottawa, additional RCMP patrol officers were dispatched Friday evening to
"points of interest" around the city, including the French embassy on Sussex
Drive and Parliament Hill.

A security source said there were no threats directed at Ottawa and that the
increased security is part of a planned protocol for dealing with international
security events.

The source said the protocol also includes local police and security agencies at
all levels opening channels of communication to share any local intelligence,
and that the added security will remain in place "until we get clarity on what
really transpired" in Paris.

The political and diplomatic community in Canada offered their condolences by
email and Twitter Friday evening.

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and friends of those who lost
their lives and those injured in the terrorist attacks today in Paris," said
Conservative interim leader Rona Ambrose in a statement. "We pray for the safe
release of the hostages currently being held."

Environment Minister and Ottawa Centre MP Catherine McKenna, who just returned
from Paris days ago, tweeted that she was "utterly shocked by the attacks."

"My thoughts are with the people of France. We stand with you."

France's ambassador to Canada, Nicolas Chapuis, said in a statement that "we
have also received words of solidarity and sympathy from many Canadians, which
are warmly appreciated."

"The embassy and our consulates general are receiving numerous calls from our
countrymen sharing their concerns. I want to reassure them that we are in
contact with Canadian security forces and all precautions are being taken to
protect our community."

NDP Leader Tom Mulcair tweeted that "Catherine and I are shocked by news of the
horrific attacks in #Paris. We pray tonight for the victims, their families, &;
all Parisians."

"Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour," tweeted
Green party leader Elizabeth May.

Michaëlle Jean, a former governor general and the Secretary-General of La
Francophonie, tweeted tonight that she is "shocked and dismayed" over the
attacks in Paris.

"Solidarity with the authorities and the French people. Thoughts for the
victims."

"My thoughts and prayers go out to the victims and the people of #Paris in the
face of this tragic attack and unfolding situation," tweeted Jody
Wilson-Raybould, the justice minister.

The Canadian government's Twitter account for international travel asks
Canadians who are in France to contact sos@international.gc.ca or call collect
at 1-613-996-8885 in an emergency.

With files from Ian MacLeod, Ottawa Citizen

Related

Hollande orders French borders closed after Paris terror attack leaves at least
35 dead( http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/national/shootout+paris
+restaurant+leaves+several+dead+explosion+heard/11515421/story.html )

Statement by the Prime Minister Trudeau on the terrorist attacks in Paris(
http://pm.gc.ca/eng/news/2015/11/13/statement-prime-minister-canada-terrorist-
attacks-paris )

I am shocked and saddened that so many people have been killed and injured in
violent attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). Canada
stands with France.

- Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/JustinTrudeau/status/665312739930189829 )

Catherine and I are shocked by news of the horrific attacks in #Paris(
https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ). We pray tonight for the victims,
their families, &; all Parisians. -TM

- Tom Mulcair (@ThomasMulcair) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ThomasMulcair/status/665295200550453248 )

My heart goes out to the victims of these attacks. We stand with the people of
#Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ).

- Rona Ambrose (@RonaAmbrose) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/RonaAmbrose/status/665289456518217728 )

Horrific news fm Paris of many innocents killed. Others now hostage. All
thoughts/prayers/sympathy with people of France in this dark hour.

- Elizabeth May (@ElizabethMay) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/ElizabethMay/status/665295386366504960 )

Attacks in #Paris( https://twitter.com/hashtag/Paris?src=hash ) : Canadians, for
emergency assistance: call 1-613-996-8885 / contact sos@international.gc.ca
pic.twitter.com/YsMtVKPNak( https://t.co/YsMtVKPNak )

- Canada Emb France (@CanEmbFrance) November 13, 2015(
https://twitter.com/CanEmbFrance/status/665306533526392834 )

Police and rescuers gather in front of a fast-food drive erstaurant outside the
Stade de France stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, late on November 13,
2015, after a series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions
outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of
people were killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris,
as well as explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting
Germany.

Rescuers workers evacuate a man on a stretcher near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

Spectators gather on the pitch of the Stade de France stadium following the
International Friendly match between France and Germany at the Stade de France
on November 13, 2015 in Paris, France.

An elite police officer arrivesoutside the Bataclan theater in Paris, France,
Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2015. Several dozen people were killed in a series of
unprecedented attacks around Paris on Friday, French President Francois Hollande
said, announcing that he was closing the country's borders and declaring a state
of emergency.

Forensic experts inspect the site of an attack outside the Stade de France
stadium in Saint-Denis, north of Paris, early on November 14, 2015, after a
series of gun attacks occurred across Paris as well as explosions outside the
national stadium where France was hosting Germany. A number of people were
killed and others injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as
explosions outside the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

A riot police officer stands by an ambulance near the Bataclan concert hall in
central Paris, on November 13, 2015. A number of people were killed and others
injured in a series of gun attacks across Paris, as well as explosions outside
the national stadium where France was hosting Germany.

tdawson@ottawacitizen.com

twitter.com/tylerrdawson

dbutler@ottawacitizen.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                     Copyright 2015 Postmedia Breaking News
                              All Rights Reserved

                               33 of 33 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           November 14, 2015 Saturday

Paris shooting and explosions in photos

LENGTH: 764  words


Rescue service personnel work near the covered bodies outside a restaurant
following a shooting incident in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. Multiple,
near-simultaneous attacks on entertainment sites rock Paris on Friday, leaving
at least 60 killed and scores taken hostage in a concert hall. [Photo/Agencies]

An injured man holds his head as people gather near the Bataclan concert hall
following fatal shootings in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

General view of the scene with rescue service personnel working near covered
bodies outside a restaurant following shooting incidents in Paris, France,
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French riot police secure the area near the Bataclan concert hall following a
fatal shooting at a restaurant in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. People are
being held hostage at the Bataclan concert hall in central Paris after several
shots were fired, French news channel BFM TV reported on Friday.
[Photo/Agencies]

Crowds leave the Stade de France where explosions were reported to have
detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match near
Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French President Francois Hollande said a state of emergency would be declared
across France and national borders shut following a spate of attacks in Paris on
Friday evening a brief statement on television that a cabinet meeting had been
called. [Photo/Agencies]

A general view of the scene that shows rescue services personnel working near
the covered bodies outside a restaurant following a shooting incident in Paris,
France, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police control crowds leaving the Stade de France where explosions were reported
to have detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

US President Barack Obama delivers a statement after he was briefed on attacks
in Paris that killed at least 60 people, at the White House in Washington
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

French fire brigade members aid an injured individual near the Bataclan concert
hall following fatal shootings in Paris, France, November 13, 2015. At least60
people were killed in attacks in Paris and a hostage situation was under way at
a concert hall in the French capital, French media reported on Friday.
[Photo/Agencies]

General view of the scene with rescue service personnel who work near the a
covered body outside a restaurant following shooting incidents in Paris, France,
November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police control crowds leaving the Stade de France where explosions were reported
to have detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

Police stand outside the Stade de France where explosions were reported to have
detonated outside the stadium during the France vs German friendly soccer match
near Paris, November 13, 2015. [Photo/Agencies]

An aerial view shows the Stade de France stadium in Paris, France in this June
15, 2005 file picture. France was rocked by multiple, near simultaneous attacks
on entertainment sites around Paris on November 13, 2015 evening and French
media said at least 60 people were killed and hostages were being held in a
concert hall in the capital. At least two explosions were heard near the Stade
de France national stadium where a France-Germany friendly football match was
being played. [Photo/Agencies]

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/30/144746349878.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bb7d05.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/6/144746349930.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bb7e06.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/21/144746349974.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bb7f07.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/38/144746350058.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bb7f08.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/49/144746350115.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bb8009.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/41/144746350163.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0c11504.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/17/144746350215.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6611.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/144746350272.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6712.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/144746350320.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0c19c14.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/37/144746350370.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6713.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/50/144746350600.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6814.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/2/144746353018.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6915.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/42/144746353126.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6a16.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/78/144746353390.jpg

d8cb8a3c66c017b0bf6a17.jpg

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
